
    You may notice something in all of the VLAD source code, this is
the lack of destructive code.  Why?  Destructive code makes the scene
bad for everyone.  When there's a major trashing by a new virus it
gives virus authors a shit name, and people generally believe that
we're computer vandals.  If you have a virus killing hard drives
everywhere, isn't it slightly obvious that your machine is infected?
Hmm.. gee, I wonder!  Without the extra code those few crucial extra
bytes can be saved to make the overall virus more compact and much
more likely to spread.
                                                                              
    The whole point of releasing the magazine isn't that we want to
make a name for ourselves or show how KeWL Australia can be, it's
to educate people out there about how virii work and give examples.
The magazine isn't a release for lamers to merely change the text
in the virus and brag to their fellow lamers that they're a big time
virus author.  Anti-Virus research is legal, and this could be a
good learning tool for someone who is deciding to pursue a career
in this field.  Or on the other hand, this could be used by a budding
virus author needing help to get their virus off the ground.
Information is a free commodity, we're just passing it along.
                                                                              
    The magazine won't be a regular release, as programming virii
and coming up with new ideas for them can take some time.  The group
is small what with only one really dedicated virus author.  People
around Brisbane don't seem to want to submit any articles to us
so it's mostly done by a few.  I'm waiting on a few articles of
some people, but I doubt they'll get given to me before the release
of the magazine, but hey.. that's always the way man.  So when the
next magazine is ready, it will be released!
                                                                              
    Has someone ever started talking to you about virii and all of
a sudden either one of you flicks through the names of all the well
known virus groups?  It happens to me once in a while.  We'd like
VLAD to be added to this ever growing hall of fame.  We won't stoop
low enough to send shit into VSUM for recognition we hope to get
it by pure distribution of this mag and the spread of the virii that
we turn out.  To help this along, we're gonna release as much as we
can, as fast as we can!
                                                                              
    I guess the last aim would be to stay out of trouble!  We don't
damage any computers with nasty sector trashers or format the boot
sector on wednesdays at 3pm so there's not too much that can be laid
on us :).  Since when can writing computer programs be illegal.  Some
people really have a twisted image of the virus scene in general,
this doesn't really help much at all.  So, we'll keep trucking till
we can't no more and there you go.  You want virus?  You got virus!

    Metabolis/VLAD

