
    Hello, and welcome to the first issue of the VLAD magazine, hopefully
a number one Australian export :).  At the moment there are no set release
dates for the magazine as we don't have too much input, but we're getting
there!
                                                                              
    Here in Goondiwindi it's not too common to come across someone that
writes virii and that has been all too apparent in our search for members
around the place.  If there's anyone out there who thinks they have the
talent and wants to get in contact with us then send a message to us over
NuKEnet.  At the moment we don't have any official "dist" sites but if
anyone wants to fill that gap then send us a message.
                                                                              
    As to why we've released this magazine (it's purpose) check out the
following article on the "aims of VLAD" :).  We're just a *small* bunch
of people who want to educate the world about our virus style, and also
to push Australia a little bit further in the scene.  The only other small
group of individuals to try anything was SCP and I haven't heard anything
from them in quite some time (they died methinks).
                                                                              
    If you want something done, you do it yourself.  Well, we've done it
and hope to keep on doing it for quite some time.  There are a few virii
in this magazine and all are original from the ground up.  We're not a
death and destruction virus group so our virii should spread quite far.
                                                                              
      Anyway, the magazine will probably be this sort of hyper text type      
effort from now on.  All fully assemblerised and optimized for speed :).
Whether you're AV or VX I'm sure there is something in here that you may
find of interest.  The virii we publish can be used either way, for virus
research or as a learning tool to create more.  We cannot help whichever
way this goes.  As long as it's useful to someone I think we've done our
job.
                                                                              
      I think that's enough for the introduction article, I'm not really      
the best writer but the magazine I'm sure will be one to reckon with.
So read on, and enjoy!  This isn't a money making scheme for AVers or
a big endorsement of virus exchange.  It's the VLAD magazine, and I
hope you like it :).

Metabolis/VLAD

