		             GREETINGS

                
		    Personal greetings goes to..                   


  Macaroni Ted    Enjoy '94. Continue with high quality productions!
		  Good luck with whatever you're up too, dude...

  Dark Image      Our US sysop, well hope you enjoy this magazine,
		  and keep on our side, power to you, dude!..

  Ripmax          Our Australian sysop, Australia, hm, exactly the
		  other side of the earth globe, kinda distance...

  The Sarge       Yeah, on the credits again, I owe you lots dude!,
		  hm, tell me if you can keep up this excellent work.

  The Flash       Tons of credits to you, well,	use seat-belts, and
		  don't drive in 200, anyway, fame from TV, cool, :).

  The Jugde       Ahhh, too bad you had to join the military forces, 
		  lotsa credits to you dude, (me, phunny speak'n?)

  Wico	          Hm, you shouldn't be here, but what the heck, you're
		  one of its kind. Remember, no more 04.30-calls, right?

  Lord Zero	  1000 Years was a kinda phunny virus. Continue with your
		  group, and remember to give our HQ a call, get in touch

  Scavanger       Me?, destructive brain??, nah!, hats off to you, your
		  swedish crazy metal head. Party on in '94, dude..

  Dark Avenger    I know that you have quitted this kinda stuff, but
                  hell, you're still legendary, and deserves all greets. 

  Dark Angel      Hope you get your hands on this one..DAME is cool, hm, 
		  seems like you've got a great staff in P/S nowadays..

  Memory Lapse    17:ten viruses released, and more to come, yeah, you
                  are cool, do some FidoNET attacks too...Enjoy '94...

  Priest          Your dick! ;) If you spread a Predator ]I[ virus here,
		  I demand a disinfector!. Cool virus, though..

  Rock Steady     Now I've got the NuKE info-journals, heavy stuff..
		  Hm, continue with whatever you are up too..

  Nowhere Man     VCL 1.00 is a kinda legendary work, is the 2.00
		  avalible without having lotsa cash??, continue..

  John Tardy      You want us away, right, yeah, sure! But hell, we
 		  are NOT any fucking neo-nazis, keep that in mind!

  Masud Khafir    Okey, Arbeit macht frei was a bad joke, but "666",
		  virus = sadistical, get lost! TPE was cool, though..

  Incubus	  Great ANSI for Red Dawn 2! Your RIOT packs are very
                  well spread here, so make more ansi adds for him!

  Freaking Dooz   Okey, think you'll stand here in all further issues
		  too, not now for any reason, but have fun in '94...

  Maria Karlsson  Yeah, this one goes for you, babe! Never have a man
		  done so much for getting so little, as for you..

  Patti Hoffman	  Oh well, Never have so many said so many stupid things
		  about one person, hi Patti. Why ignore us?? Happy '94.

  John Mcafee 	  Lamborghini, not bad choice, see, progressing, now-
                  adays, we don't just do SCAN fuck-ups. Take care!

  Mikael Larsson  Oh, quite nice NET indeed, for spreading reasons
		  only! Ha, hope you don't mind future attacks :)?


		       Group Greetings flies out to..


  ANOI		  White Christmas, yeah, the right color (:-)), ahhh,
		  kidding TridenT, anyway, stay tuned and continue!!..

  DY		  Just to show that DY still lives, I played around with
		  Tormentor's stuff..Yeah, take care in '94, fellows..

  LOC		  Logical Coders, another new writing group located in
		  Sweden, give our HQ a call, and have phun in '94...

  PHALCON/SKISM	  Well, nice to have 40HEX back again. OS/2, hm, can that
		  be something for the future?? Hm, Happy '94..

  NUKE		  Yeah, great group, bigger than I ever could imagine!,
		  A bit much /P/H lately I think, Happy '94 on you too. 

  TRIDENT	  Are you guys to old to take a joke or something, c'mon,
		  life is far too serious, great group afterall..continue. 

  YAM		  IVP was lame, you guys could do better!! Did you know
		  you guys have learned how to eat p0TaT0eS, from us??

  RABID           You guys sleeping, or dead? Or why are Data Disruptor
		  still *sigh*ning with RABID, huh? Have a nice year...

  ARCV		  Well, Frisk suggested harder punishments on you guys,
		  (he's nuts!), hope you reads this, and comes back soon.

  PSYCOSIS 	  Nice poems, I could make it even better, and bigger,  
		  tell me where to netmail, and your mag will grow!!..

  MAGIC 12        Ahh, you must get some board in Sweden which got your
		  magazine's, I still only got issue #14, what a shame!

  REBELS/PC       Good group, good luck with the PC-scene, hope you guys
		  will win some party soon. Can't spare me for your demos

  INFINITY	  Technical Disruptor (Toronto) / Infinity disk-magazine,
		  well, do I hear Data Disruptor here, hmm??..nice mag..

  RIOT		  Oh, here we got a very talanted art group! Continue
		  and remember, Peace In Our Time, NOT! :) hehe..

  FRISK INT	  Well well, good av-product, too bad you got this bad
                  attitude or what ever..Have a sick (frisk) '94, dick.

  TBAV	          Finds 9 out of 10 new viruses?? Ha!, in your wild and
		  wet dreams, dick! Good AV-product though..Happy '94..

  S&S INT         Alan, you seems to be a nice person, your av-toolkit
		  could do with a bit heuristics though. Happy '94!

                                 = THE UNFORGIVEN = 