                  WHAT HAS HAPPENED SINCE ISSUE #2
                  ================================
  
  Yeah, as usual (one time before!), I'll write a what's new article.
  As you might (clever boy!) guessed from the name, it is about stuff
  which has happend from the second (or last one!) issue of the mag.
  
  But first of all, I suggest that you read the second issue before
  this article, if you of'cos then already havn't. Otherwise, you'll 
  not notice the difference that might have happend, or what ever. 
  
  		       - MAGAZINE CODE -
  
  No major changes has been in the magazine code & design. Some minor
  things have been re-coded, and some stuff has also been added. For
  instance, the fade in routine will now also work on IBM PS/2 machines.
  Then we (ie, Raver!) have also excluded the support for the XT
  machines. But no worries, if you got a lousy XT, you can always call
  us up and say that you never ever again will read or even look at
  our magazine!!, how scary. The magazine now requires a AT or faster
  machine, a vga system for the fading and the VGA stuff. You must also
  have a microsoft compatible mouse for using the mouse functions
  avalible. You must run the magazine from pure DOS, ie, not under Desq-
  view, since the ALT multitasker key fucked up the colors totally!
  
       		           - VGA -
  
  Just as in the second issue, we got some help from different artists
  with a bit (to little!), spare time. We've got (as usual!) help from
  The Sarge/Rebels, who've drawed a hell of a logo! B-Real's turned out
  to be a quite good artist too, and he's also drawed us some logos
  for this issue. It was also planned that Sub-Life would produce vga's
  for us, but I have hardly heard from him since he joined in. So, we
  can still say that we're three members in the group, ie, not counting
  him as a productive member. That's a pitty, we got non-members who
  are working their ass off for us, when not our own members are. Well
  anyhow, then I've also quitted with the VGA, sorry! The vga just took
  to much of my spare time, and I couldn't say I enjoyed them very much
  anyhow. I might install 3DS in the nearest or something, but nowadays
  I just don't have the time. 
  
    	                - IR BOARDS -
  
  Yes, The Judge isn't lonely as being a Immortal Riot sysop. We've
  expanded with two new sysops. And not just these local-lamer bbs's,
  (not saying that Firedoom Systems is lame!!) nops, it's two very
  international ones! One is placed in the States, and the other one
  in Australia. The numbers and all other important information about
  them should be in the "how to contact" article. We'll anyhow not
  hang around on these boards just to reply stupid messages about the
  group, and date of release information and such. These things are
  only taken care from Firedoom Systems itself. Anyhow, our products,
  magazine's, and in some case viruses, SHOULD be in a specific area
  for free download on these boards. Big hellos flies out to Dark
  Image, and RipMax! 
  
  		         - VIRUSES -
  
  Once again we've brought you plenty of viruses, and as I can see it,
  the quality of this ones have raised again. Raver have started into
  virus programming. He've now in this issue included two new (scratch!),
  viruses. I've made four new and fresh mutations, wich I am really
  satisfied with. I've learned some new things and have added code that
  not only is destructive or scan(ners) fuck up's. Well, they're in
  some cases nearly "new" anyway. Compare ‚m with the orginal ones, and
  you'll probably notice some MAJOR code changes. Metal Militia have
  once again produced a scratch virus. Quite nice indeed, and now also
  working to 100%, ie not as Extasy/Ravage. We've also (once again!),
  had the opportunity to include a virus from ANOI. This virus is pretty
  fun to annoy (anoi :)) the local geek's with no knowledge about the
  operative system! My Little Pony 1.00 sure have got a nice spread
  capability!
  
  			     - OTHER -
  
  Okey, this was just another short article written by me in the late
  night. Lotsa other stuff has happen since the second release of
  Insane Reality disk magazine! This doesn't mean that I havn't told
  you about it, or anything else than this has happen. It might be
  included in some other article or something. You know, we don't
  write duplicate text just to fill out and make the magazine larger,
  in case you didn't know. I dunno what more to say right now, except
  that you should continue to read this magazine, and have a nice day. 
  
                         = THE UNFORGIVEN =