                     IMMORTAL RIOT'S TIME LIME...
                     ============================
  
  Since every teacher I got in school enjoys these time lines so much,
  I decided to make us one too, not necessary meaning that I like the
  teachers, but still...Okey, here in this text, is the complete back-
  ground of this group, and lotsa more information, then we ever have
  given out. Some info, was ment to be "classifed" or something, but
  well, it havn't gone 25 years, but we decided to release it anyway.
  
  I know this article or time line is VERY long, but this is only the
  beginning..We havn't planned to retire, please, go ahead and read
  the whole shit. It's nice. 
   
  
  1992-11-11:
  
  Okey, this havn't really anything with Immortal Riot to do, but anyway,
  me and a dude, called Scavanger formed a group called VDA, this wasn't
  anything serious, but hell, it putted me into this kinda business after-
  all. If I tell you A, blah, blah! I'll not tell you B, or a shit about
  this group (or anything!), b'cos it was basicly a pretty lame idea..
  
  
  1993-03-31: 
  
  My first chat with Metal Militia on my current board, wich name shall
  remain nameless, about forming a virus oriented underground group.
  This wasn't any serious chat or something, just a idea from both of our
  heads. But in these early day I came up with the group name we still
  got, and a name, wich I am very satisfied with, Immortal Riot.
  
  1993-04-11:
  
  Revolution, the current organizer of the not organized group placed
  himself as president, and formed the group "Naked Truth". This could
  be a top virus group afterall, it sure had bright coders and such
  things. I dunno what really happened, it just faded away. I can tell
  you that no names will be given out here for our own security, but
  hell, this could have been something, that's for sure! To bad that
  neither me nor Raver wasn't really interested in this group, I really
  hated the groups name, and Raver the "revolution" action. Me, Raver,
  and Scavanger held a party at my place at this time, and decided not
  to join up with this "new" IR. Anyway, this group name, later became
  one of my virus mutations, to a little memory of group "betrayal",
  Metal, sez Hi, jerk! Anyway, I'm not pissed off on the "president",
  nor Metal Militia, as a matter of fact, they're both personal friends
  to me. And one are still in the group. Yeah, promise! Humans must learn
  how to forgive! (or well, won't we Maria?, bitch!). 
  
  1993-04-19:
  
  Naked truth is gone, and Immortal Riot formed again. Now with several
  members less than the "original" group. We lost our top coders,
  including Raver, yes he was with us from the very first day, and
  joined as the third member in the first group. You didn't know that!!
  Some other persons which was or could be very talented, was also lost
  but hell, we managed without ‚m! The group had now only two members,
  me and Metal Militia. I really dunno what happend to Raver, I think
  he was tired about the shit, he was REALLY disappointed about the 
  Naked Truth story, and it was later on a bitch to get him started
  into the scene again.
  
  1993-05-03:
  
  The Flash (not the dude), the real one, stroke my modem, and I a
  decided to make the board not 24 hours any more. This soon resulted
  in a total shot down. Yeah, you know, summer, girls and all made it
  quite impossible to spend to much time with the computer.
  
  1993-06-06:
  
  Swedish national day, summer had started, and I came up with my current
  alias (The Unforgiven), I had used several handles before, but wasn't any
  real satisfied with any of them. I took this handle from Metallicas tune
  with the same name, but also after some of parts of my personality, no
  futher comments!!
  
  1993-06-07:
  
  We started to play around a bit with virus sources, and could in the
  nearest days start spreading around yet another undetectable (from the
  string scanners anyway), virus. Wico opened up his board around this
  time, and became the first Immortal Riot board. He helped us with lotsa
  things, and the us imports rained over from the states into our hard-
  drives. 
  
  1993-06-10:
  
  We (I), made up plans for start doing a disk magazine, but heck, it's
  summer and none of us spend too much time in front of the computer.
  Anyway, we decided what to include, and started to collect material to
  write about. I (as usually), came up with the magazine name, which we
  still got, (and we'll not change it. Hi, Sub-Life!), Insane Reality.
  The mag was first thought to be some sort of co-op with ANOI, yes,
  that's true. This means, that the magazine was thought to be published
  under our name (hey, us, your credits takers!), but with code from The
  Beta Boys (nowadays, called A.N.O.I.). Okey, it didn't turned out this
  way, but it surely could have been a good solution, since Macaroni Ted
  already had the code finished for a disk magazine, and all that..But
  lemme think now, I think he was gone 10 weeks out of 10 possible in
  the summer, so we could tell that we had no opportunity for this co-op.
  Thanks anyway Macaroni Ted.
  
  1993-07-27:
  
  The Magazine (first issue), nearly finished, ie, the viruses was ready,
  well, hm, 5 out of 6 anyway. The code was ready, so was the vga, just
  some trouble with the music system (yuch, it was SLOW!). My module was
  lost (lucky me, it sounded terrible!), and I had to ripp a .module from
  Fred of Suprise, thanks dude. 
  
  1993-07-29:
  
  We released the first issue of Insane Reality, without giving anyone any
  inside information, not even to ANOI, I think. Anyway, we started to
  contact traders, and gave the magazine to ‚m. I know it went worldwide!
  Thanks for this, you know how you guys are, and well, thanks again.
  
  I also was at Raver's place this day, and saw that he had coded something
  looking like a disk magazine (to me anyway), I asked him what he had the
  purpose of that code was, and he answered that it was just a simple menu-
  shell for futher programs. Here I saw my chanse of getting him back in 
  the group, complaining about the ugly code in the first issue of our mag,
  and all that. Well, he understood what I was trying to say, and	told me
  that he could do the code for the second issue. 
  
  1993-08-14:
  
  I recieved a message from Lars Renman, that the Chemistry Department
  of Chalmers University of Techology, Gothenburg, Sweden, was infected
  with a group of viruses, all containing the text string: Moose. This
  man claimed that it was 5 different viruses, all very superior and 
  they did *everything* possible. Well well I thought, thinking that
  Tormentor of Demoralized Youth was in the scene again. But to my
  great disappointment my thoughts was completely wrong. Tormentor was
  really retired and sick tired of everything that had to do with the
  subject, called virus. This gave Sweden lotsa international publicty
  and all that crap. I thought that some investigations on virus writers
  and such would came up again, but puh!, it didn't and we were secure! 
  
  1993-08-16:
  
  School started again, and I came up with the following citat,
  probably telling you a bit what I am thinking about the school:
  "Meanless, mindless and tormented, into eternity.. into death.."
  
  Yeah!, that's true, school *is* boring, Carpe Diem, no studies! :)
  Hehe, well, there's always other ways to "read" citats, and its
  originally meaning. One of my specialities.
  
  1993-09-05:
  
  VSUM's September issue was released, and we saw that three of
  our first six mutations was included. She had them first in the 
  revision history (how sweet!), and everything. This felt quite
  good, hoping that the other ones should enter the 9310 issue
  of the monthly(?) release of VSUM. 
  
  [Ohh, a memory gap, here I think? hm, something to do with booz?]
  
  1993-10-05:
  
  VSUM's October issue was released, and none of our other viruses
  was included, (ie the three left out in the 9309 issue) this was
  a great disappointment. I mean, not that we spend to hard time
  to finish the first six ones, but hell, we still want our messages
  to spread worldwide. We'll see if our scratch viruses hits some
  issue of VSUM in the future. Origin Unknown or not included, hm?
  
  1993-10-25:
  
  Predator ][ attack, yeah Priest of Phalcon/Skism's virus infected both
  me and Metal's pc's. Anyway, after some while, we were cleaned, and
  had installed the important programs again. Anyway, this was an
  excellent virus, and I'm glad that Phalcon/Skism is back on its feet
  again. Don't think that NuKE want to be on the top all alone. And
  yes, this was material for a quite huge article in the issue #2,
  thanks. NOT!!, hehe...but anyway, time for confession, Priest :).
  
  1993-10-26:
  
  The second issue of insane reality electronic disk magazine is almost
  finished. It's still not ready for release, b'cos some minor bugs in
  the first fade in routine on lousy machines. This made it quite delayed.
  To fine polish all material was also a bitch!, and a boring work too.
  But me and Raver managed that too, puh, 10 hours of work!! Ahh, what a
  phunnie day, right?? NOT!
  
  1993-11-05:
  
  We got a new member, called Sub-Life, a real rookie on the PC, but yet
  another personal friend, so what the heck, he'll probably learn pretty
  fast, since he was in some group on the atari (yuck!), scene.
  
  1993-11-07:
  
  I (The Unforgiven), did a sneak attack on a bbs placed in Gothenburg
  (I think). Can't remember the boards name, but it surely had some
  pretty nice international virus area. 10 "new" viruses was released
  and the "war" was going on. Ha ha, bite me!
  
  1993-11-08:
  
  The second issue was ready for release, now with this brand new style of
  kick out magazine. As usually, we contacted as many traders and possible,
  and spread it worldwide. This was a real great and big issue (I think),
  made by just three persons. 
  
  
  1993/94-??-??
  
   Now I'll not give out exactly date on the stuff, but anyway, I can
   give, and will give you the right order where the stuff happened.
   This is the time since we released the second issue, until now..
  
  
  1. Raver started after the magazine was released to code a virus, I 
     think he coded Carpe Diem within a few days, with just some hours
     of total time in front of the monitor. Great work!.
  
  2. We decided to add encryption on Ravage, but gave the whole series of
     Extasy/Ravage up after we realized how many bugs they were carrying. 
     This is the reason that we'll give out the sorce codes on these.
  
  3. I saw the first stuff from yet another virus oriented group here
     in Sweden, called LOC, or Logical Coders. They have now released
     some pretty nice viruses. For Instance, Swedish Warrior, and 1000
     years. 
  
  4. I with some help from Raver started to hack Tormentor's exe lession.
     After realizing that encryption was really fun, I started along with
     his .COM lession too. Both these will be included in this issue.
  
  5. Sweden publish the new law suggestion about to forbid all kinda
     virus programming and spreading, hm, yeah, the end of democracy!
     Racism, death penelty and VIRUS CODING!! Haha!, whatta jerks the
     government are, anyway, for further information about this, read
     Metal's article.
  
  6. We got in contact with The Flash, a real great dude, haha!, the
     funny thing here was that we hated him in the beginning for making
     anti virus to our Ravage virus (okey, for personal use only, but we
     thought this guy was some kinda nerd). Now we think in an other way,
     this guy is cool!
  
  7. Trough The Flash, we recieved the first seven info journals from NuKE,
     gosh!, I couldn't believe they were THAT big, and GREAT!. Anyway,   
     they are avalible for download at Firedoom Sysmtes in case you're
     interested. 
  
  8. Metal Militia's virus is ready. It turned out to be a quite funny 
     virus with a little help from Raver. And of'cos the beta testing
     and bug reports by me. 
  
  9. I recieved mail from the virus writing group called TridenT, claiming
     that we're neo nazis, and they wanted us away. Well, I've written
     responces about this in some article. Go ahead and read about it. 
  
  10. VSUMX9311 was never released, and when we recived the VSUMX9312
      release, we saw that none of our viruses was included. It's kinda
      obvious that she just ignored us. Like, since we spewed out the
      viruses on VirNET, she must have recieved them from there, or SOME
      users. Well, not to be judged for asslicking here, but we even send
      her our issues via a disk by mail, with a quite rude (but true!), 
      message adressed to her. We did this to inform her of all her's
      mistake (Read issue #2). But she thought that the critism was far
      to rough, and she just couldn't tolerate this! Her's respond on
      this was to exclude our viruses in VSUM. Fair, you think? I hope
      not!!, but life is full of injustice and such things. A fact we
      just have to live with.
    
  11. Raver's .EXE virus is now ready. It still don't got any name, but
      it's quite nice indeed. He also added some more code in Carpe 
      Diem, as instance, he added a line in the encryption, so the value
      on the encryption couldn't be zero (no encryption), and also added
      a extra line to fuck up TBAV's "Flexible Entry Point". The first
      release of Carpe Diem will never be released in source code. Okey, 
      you might have seen it on your HD, but not in pure code anyway.
  
  12. We finally have got some international boards. All this thanks to
      The Flash. You can in the future (and now!) get all of our mags 
      for free download from this boards. 
  
       Red Dawn 2 Enterprises  410-263-2258  DS16800   [U.S.A....]
       Destiny Stone ][        +61-92462553  DS14400   [Australia]
  
  13. The Programmers of TBSCAN are in deep shit. Not b'cos they are
      in fight with the feard Patricica Hoffman, instead they they've
      done a slight mistake by claiming that TBAV can find 90% of all
      the new viruses without even looking at them. Hahah! You ain't
      fooling NOBODY! This dick can't found ANY of Raver's virus, not
      even a single flag! He can't find my little bob ross MUTATION,
      along with some other of my mutations. For example my mutation
      on Infernal	Demand, etc etc..what a jerk!
  
  14. The Sarge/Rebels/PC promised to do a VGA piccy to the third
      issue, and hell, it was NICE!! I also recieved a picture made
      by B-REAL, wich I also found in real high quality. Still no 
      hearing from Sub-Life.
  
  1994-01-06:
  
  All articles/viruses are ready! It's now late night, (after 03.00),
  and after a hard days work, I'm really tired! The magazine is as 
  planed ready for release before the 10:th of January. Now we're
  sitting here, doing the last stuff, for the release today, or some
  day in the nearest! This means, it took us under two months to
  finish this incredible magazine! Hope you enjoys it, and have a 
  nice time until the fourth issue to come!!
  
  		         = THE UNFORGIVEN =