         Halt!, Halt!, Are we nazi's, loosers, or elite??
         ================================================

  Well, we've recieved lotsa publicity lately, of'cos here in Sweden,
  but also from the international scene. The whole thing started with
  our little sneak attack on the AV-mail area so called virNET.
  
  Well, to all who didn't noticed the massive attack, I can tell you
  that over one night, over 10 new viruses was released to the MAJOR
  public. Hurray!, how rude!! How arrogant!! Yes, up yours av-nerds!
  We're in control, OBEY!
  
  Well well, Anyway, what I'm trying to say, that we'll not give up
  this idea, free codes, and information and know-how to all! This
  is great, I havn't seen any rules and regulations against that sort
  of information exchange, so why all this complains? C'mon, we're 
  livin' in a democracy, so why should this stuff be censored and tabu??
  
  Hard to say, I really dunno, but most of the people was real pissed off,
  and couldn't close their mouth. The nets and such was full of complains,
  but I don't really care about those lamers who can't deal with such info-
  mation. Most of the people was scared about all virus source codes out
  there, and just couldn't understand why we released ‚m.
  
  Well, most of the viruses we released in with fully assembler codes
  (all!), was just lame mutations, which we actually didn't gave a shit
  about. We just hope that people will continue to hack from those sources.
  As noticed, our scratch viruses and a cool virus from ANOI was released
  in hex code, ie, not given out in source code.
  
  I really hope you guys will continue to hack and do AV-fuck-up-code 
  with the sources we brought you, otherwise, the posting was REAL
  meaningless! We didn't release the viruses for publicity reasons,
  you know that!! It has something to do with our believe in democracy
  and information freedoom, or whatever. 
  
  Then of'cause, not only pd lamers disliked us. We also recieved some
  pretty rude messages from another virus group, wich shall remain nameless
  (TridenT!!). This peace loving excellent virus writing group have under
  the last months produced quality viruses and engines (TPE), or TridenT
  Polymoric Engine, in a tempo that the world never before have behold.
  
  Anyway, this is what I could see from them, first there was a message
  from a "Masud", who thought that we were a bunch of neo nazis, just
  b'cos that "arbeit macht frei virus". This is rediculous! Just b'cos
  I wrote that virus, I ain't no neo nazi! For instance, there've been
  many "666" or "Number of the best" viruses out there. I don't think
  the programmers of those virus are sadistical, and wants to "decide",
  (kill god), if he now exists or something like that, it's just "jokes".
  
  Okey, I admit that it was a bad joke, sure! And the ;comments wasn't
  too nice either. But heck, neo nazi?? NO WAY!! Anyway, here is a
  reply I ripped out from the international area on virNET, or something,
  about us (note: It's from John Tardy, yet another person from the
  TridenT virus writing group, located in The Netherlands..
  
  " I agree with you, Masud! Nice to see you here again!
    I want these neo-nazis away from the virus scene, it makes people
    thinks we are fascists, and WE AREN'T!!! See ya soon at the party..
    John Tardy "
      
  So, right, you want us away, right? Sorry, you'll not succed in that,
  but now when you guys have seen my apologize, I hope you forgive me,
  for this "14 years old" childish behavour. Thanks.
  
  Then I've read plenty of messages, which contents makes me puke!! This
  messages are often (all the time!!), sent by AV-nerds, and of'cos the
  greedy PD and other shareware full time loosers hanging on fidoNET. 
  Ie, people with less IQ(s?) than my dog!!
  
  This bunch of loosers are saying that all virus programmers and such
  are loosers (yeah, that's true, believe it or not!). They often say
  that we don't got any good life, we're ugly, demoralized, never out on
  parties, not interested in girls, and living 24hrs/day in front of our
  computer, ie, full time computer nerds!! Hell, I can tell you, we aren't,
  they might be!!! I myself am a normal youth (good lookin), interested in
  girls, am out partying lots, and I even got a very great self convidence!
  
  What about that, huh?? I'm quite sure that I'll recieve quite equal
  quotes from virus writers all over the globe on those messages posted
  on fidoNET and such nets. But we just can't post the mail there,
  like say, "No, it takes lotsa knowledge about computer and programming
  in general to write that 'virusname', I wrote last week. What makes
  me a looser just of writing that little program? And by the way, I
  ain't no nerd, I'm just normal youth, interested in computers, just
  as you. What the heck makes me a looser? My programming skills, or
  your jealousness??"
  
  Then why don't we quote those messages?, Well, we would first of all
  probably (100% sure about it!), recieve lotsa hate letters, and then
  we'd probably be thrown out from the net for eternal time. Do you get
  the picture, hope so!!
  				     
  Well, some are virus programmers are writing there, for example Memory
  Lapse of Phalcon/Skism, but then he might have a friendly sysop, whom
  allows him to write in handle mode. Anyway, these persons who are
  writing that we're loosers are probably just jealous and/or are
  having lotsa trouble with all kinda stuff. I say to my fellow virus
  programmers, forgive them, they don't know better. 
  
  Well, anyway, I can't help getting this picture, of a 14-year old full
  time looser, pale and ugly sitting there behind his monitor, writing
  bad things about all kinda people in the "elite" world, just b'cos 
  they didn't accepted his lame style. Sitting there with the latest
  nice .GIF pictures, b'cos he can't imagine himself looking with his
  own eyes on such a babe. He puts up his itty bitty tiny little dick,
  and starts "doing-stuff-with-it". He stops right away, since he 
  just can't get it up. Then he goes out to his mother crying and
  asking why he ain't like the rest?? Yeah, here we got this typical
  "local lamer", who are complaining about us on Fido/Vir-NET.
  Thanks for reading, and have a wonderful time in '94.
  
                          = THE UNFORGIVEN =