                       IR FOR THE FUTURE
                       =================
  
  First, I'd like to include a citat, which perhaps gives you a slight
  idea how the future will look. Don't know who first wrote this, but
  I've seen some persons (among many, hello Hard Core/TDT), using it
  as the years passed by..
  
  "Our future is so bright that we have to wear sun glasses". 
  
  Yeah!, that's a good citat, hehe..no matter if it's wrong or right, it
  is still awesome!! Anyhow, here comes my vision of the future..
  
  We'll continue with what we are doing (sorry lamers!!), but face the
  reality! We'll continue with the Insane Reality disk magazines, as well
  with the virus development. We've recieved lotsa good responces about
  our magazine, and of'cos the group itself too. This with a few exceptions
  from the AV-chickens. But as I always said, you can't get it all!!
  
  Then we've progressed a bit in the virus programming. Okey, this might
  be very much of the reason that Raver finally have started with virus
  development. "Everything this man tought seems to turn into gold" :).
  
  The viruses he have brought you here is just his first tries to make
  viruses, but as you can see, they're good! "Plain and simple" non-
  resident non-overwriting ones. That was the idea, it ain't no fun
  to make this "superior" virus the first you ever do. You have to
  "grow in steps" or something. Since no scanners, including TBAV's
  most advanced heuristic scan mode didn't found a single flag, on the
  infected files, it's quite a big pleasure to release ‚m for free.
  Just waiting to be abused and spread world wide!!
  
  Then, me, well, I'll probably do better stuffs in the future, but heck,
  you only got 24 hours / day, what a shame!! But comparing the mutations
  presented by me in this issue, to the ones in issue #2, I'm really pretty
  satisfied. Of'cos talking about encryption and such things..
  
  Then we got Metal Militia, he have also presents yet another scratch
  virus, which will be included in this issue, so count with him in the
  future..I dunno what he's up to next, but I'll probably like it..
  
  Then if we shall talk about the "scene's" future in general, I'd like
  to say that I can see the light, Yes!! It's bright!! For example, 
  ANOI are still in scene, and bringing you quality productions here. 
  In this issue My Little Pony virus was included in hex code. Yes, 
  this virus is excellent! This dir infection style with full stealth,
  disinfecting on the fly virus, nice. 
  
  But we have also recieved some viruses from a new swedish group, called
  Logical coder, (LOC). With the main coder, called Lord Zero I can't see
  anything except that this group could come far! Lord Zero have written
  (up to date) several viruses, some lame ones, but also some really inte-
  resting ones too. Talking about 1000 years. They also released some
  trojan horse makers, but I havn't really checked the trojan generator up
  so much, since I recieved it uncompletely. Trojans will only serve the
  reason of several bbs crashes. Ie, nothing really good. 
  
  Then more stuffs comes in to the country, The first 12 numbers of 40HEX
  are here, together with seven info journals from NuKE. This is great,
  and all thanks of this special dudes, The Flash and The Jugde.
  
  But it all can't be this bright?? Nop, you guess it. Well, here I'll
  give you the "sad" things about our group. Raver will serve his country
  for nearely 8 month and joins the army the 10:th of January 1994. Of'cos
  he is free on the weekends, but still. 
  
  Then both me and Metal Militia will be (a bit anyway!!), disbanded from
  our computers. What??, well, actually kidding a bit here, but the facts
  are that both me and him, are going the last term on our schools. Okey,
  we'll have to get high graduates, for futher studies, but there's always
  time for computers, parties and girls. School ain't that important after
  all..Not in my way of give priority of your time anyway..How is yours
  Metal??, dick! Haha!, something says that you don't like this, huh??
  
  Well, this was just my vision, I dunno what to come, (do you?), there's
  lotsa mortal traps you gotta watch out for when you're dealing with this
  kind of stuff. But I think it's nothing we can't handle, but you never
  know!! You might die tommorow?? What do you know about the future?? So,
  "Live now, die later", (Data Disruptor/RABID). CARPE DIEM!, (Raver/IR).
  
  Yeah, you can make up citats as you go along, but as I told you before,
  as everything good, it has to end somewhere, and so had this article..
  Thanks for reading, and goodbye!
  
                         = THE UNFORGIVEN =