                         -+[ Intro To Mag ]+-
 
 
This is iR's first ever made magazine! This magazine is directed
towards the major public in the underground scene. Immortal Riot's
direction was from the beginning just virus coding. But when we
decided to put out a magazine we became intrested in other parts of
the scene, such as the demo-coding, vga-gfx, music composion. We
don't release a compleatly vga-coded magazine, for example World
Charts or Pulse Magazine, neither an ansi-based magazine i.e
Evolution. This style of a mag is not that hard to do as World Charts
(my favorite magazine), and we don't draw in SVGA, spend weeks in
coding, and composing, and since we right now are just two members,
it's quite hard to release such a incredible mag. But after a while,
we might think of changing the magazine style to look into some other
way, but that is for the future to show. This magazine can contain
articles of what-so-ever we finds interesting, right now, it's source
codes of viruses. We like virus, that's a fact, and when we got
enought new source-codes and articles, vga's we will spread out the
next issue. The viruses in this issue is mutations of older viruses,
but they still shows how to play around with scanners, such as
Mcafee's Scan. I don't know the reaction of spreading out a magazine
like this. It contains stuffs, which can be abused, but those one,
who thinks it's so funny to take down systems with our viruses,
please let go. We're just impressed of the viruses cabability, and
we're under no circumstances ought to use them. We're interesting in
how scanners/viruses, and of cuz the computer works. We thinks that
virus is a good thing for knowledge of the computer hardware, and of
cuz how long you can reach your computer with an assembler. If you
are a demo-phreak and justs say something like this 'you're so lame
spreading out a magazine, I could code in less then half an hour'.
Okey, of cuz you can, but I'm then not as good and havn't been around
for such a long time. Okey, letting over the kezy to the dude sitting
right beside me, called Metal Militia, nice handle eh ? Yeah, cuz
it's is, I labeled him into it..heh..as you already have noticed, we
love Metallica..heh.. Okey, enought from me..here ya go lameass :)..
 
So, well.. I have liked viruses for a very long time now, and saw the
stuff about Tormentor and Demoralized Youth in the Swedish
echomail-areas, when loosers were crying out for help..Viruses is a
good way to test your skills, but just spreading them to fuck your
neighbourhood isn't the best way of getting the public's applause, so
instead spread it to the geek 200 meters down the street or something
(make sure he's an "exchanger") and you will soon find your virus out
in the free, with a pretty nice travelling rate anyhow. The best way
is ofcause to make a resident virus, because of the simple reason
that they are much better "built" to travell, while the non-resident
very often only infects the computer they are ran on, and maybe a few
more. If we take the example of Dark Avenger. He was one of the very
first virus-writers, and he's contribution is now spread world-wide,
and will always be around I guess.. Somewhere, and in someone's
collection.. but as he said in one them, "Eddie lives.. forever and
ever", and that's a bit of the truth as i said above. Then we have
the groups like Anoi, Phalcon/Skism, Yam, Nuke, Rabid, and so on..
They are some of the most (what i know) experienced people around in
the virus-scene today. Just about every article about viruses
includes some of them, or Dark Avenger.. Like that stuff with the
Mutation Engine, judging from circumstances you could almost belive
there was a nuclear war going on. Sweden has not yet come to that
part of the era. But we don't have any antivirus professionals
either. What we have is some lameassess trying to be cool out here,
lamers like Mikael Winterkvist. He's trying to get a good reputation
of what we're doing, and the worst thing is that he makes much money
out of it to..That's what I most hate about such lamers..
 
Okey, The Unforgiven at the keyz again..puh, Metal Militia wrote some
shit that actually didn't have a shit about the Introduction, but
heh..he havn't done so much in this magazine, so I let him write
something here anyway..He really are obsessed with viruses, and just
love to know everything about the scene..(Out sailing far from the
subject again)..But anway, now I'll return to the intro.. Now in this
intro, I'll do a little presentation of our self too. Me, was the one
got the idea, of releasing a mag. And I'm responsibility for the
layout of the magazine. Metal Militia is the one who are dealing a
bit more with assembler, naturally then the one who gives us
mutation, and modifications of viruses included here. In this issue,
only mutations from MM are included, but in later issues, we'll
probably include the source codes that someone would like us to
include... Now, puh, this intro was over, and I hope you continue
reading the articles, and of cuz the new virus-mutations to...
                                                        [The Unforgiven]
                                                         [Metal Militia]