                       -+[ The BackGround Of iR ]+-
 
 
Immortal Riot was formed by two persons, Metal Militia and The
Unforgiven. Metal Militia had been an active comput-o-holic since
many years back, while The Unforgiven (me), is a bit newer in the
scene. My interest of virus/trojan, and other 'dangerous' stuffs
first started, when I got in contact with an underground artist
called himself Lixo. This Lixo is the coder of LixoNuke (Based on
Tormentors Nuke). Lixo told me he got over 800-viruses, and I was
ofcuz a greedy one, who wanted them all. But in those fine days, I
just got a 24oo modem, and he didn't wanted to pass over all of ‚m to
me. (That cheap bastard only gave me 47 .common .com viruses). After
that I started to build up my own virus collection, I called
different virus-system around. But it was actually really hard to get
in a elite-virus system with a 24oo modem. I tried with the famoust
virus system here in Sweden like for example Tormentors BBS (Swedish
Virus Laboratory), but didn't get any account. Later when I bought a
144oo modem, Tormentor had closed down his system, of the reason of
every newspaper wrote bad articles about him, (Fuck You Mikael
Winterkvist!), and all the doors to get a bigger collection seemed to
be closed. I started up a board, and got many new contacts, for
example the other founder of iR (Metal Militia). We gave eachother our
whole virus collections, and I got a bigger underground conference.
When I was running the board, I noticed that many people actually had
the same interest as I, and everyone seemed to hate Winterkvist just
as much as I did for cutting the scene into pieces. Since Demoralized
Youth didn't released any new viruses anymore, we decided to form a
new group. We got some real other nice connections with another virus
group located in Sweden, called A.N.O.I. And would just start some
virus-exchange, when I closed down my board. The whole connection
between ANOI and iR was closed. iR released a virus or two, but they
were never well spread (Not even the source-code). I wanted to share
all the nice stuffs with the other folks around the globe, and
started doing a magazine, which I know is appreciated by the major
public. Here we are, and I really hope you'll enjoy this magazine,
cuz if you don't, many hours of drawing, writing, coding will be
wasted! I think you by this time knows a bit about how about iR was
formed, so I quit with this article, and looks at the new mutations
which will be included in this issue!
                                               [The Unforgiven/iR]