                -+[ Fast vs Slow spread of viruses ]+-
 
FAST
 
The best things with a fast spreading virus is that it will cause much more
trouble before anti-virus suckers gets their hands on it. It can then also
be a bit bigger to include much more funny things, like anti-virus fuckers
and so on. But it will then (as said above) probebly be found faster then
the Slow spreading ones.
 
SLOW
 
The best things with a slow spreading virus is that it will be around for
much longer then the FAST ones, because of the user will probably not notice
the small changes in his system. But a SLOW spreading should also be a large
bit smaller then the FAST. It should only have the needed instructions and
maybe some sort of payload. (best if it's something original)
 
AGAINST FAST
 
Will as said be found very quick, and might not have the chance to infect
many computers, and make it so long, unless you infect some looser that
copies all day, then it might go worldwide, you know. Fast viruses is
otherwise a good chose.
 
AGAINST SLOW
 
They might not spread so far, because of their slow replication-rate.
They cannot/should not be big, and cannot/should not have any big
payloads and so on.
 
Actually there's no wrong or right way of spread-speed. It all matters on
who you get the chance to infect, and if that person spreads it because
of exchanging/running lots of stuff. So check things out first, and then
decide which way that will be "yours".
Signed.. [Metal Militia/iR]
 
 
Okey, here comes The Unforgiven, and adds some text..Metal Militia,
has probably described quite good how to spread your virus. If a
virus is small, there is no funny instructions (for example, play a
tune, show a flag, destroy virusscanners, print messages on
printer/screen, infect 'those'files at just 'those'days, do a format
if dos 6+, or change in windows .dll files or other 'funny' things a
virus is capable to do with your computer) you should spread it in
the slow way, but if you have added all these funny functions,
spread it fast so it strikes as many computers as possible before
it's uploaded to a anti-virus board, and then a 'scan-string' is
included in the next version of scanners such as Scan. A purpose of
spreading out a virus doesn't have to be destructive, I mean, every
virus out there are not wiping/low-level formatting or trashes
hd's-sectors. Believe it or not, there is harmless viruses too.
Myself would probably code a harmless virus which just infects
(non-overwriting) all files, and when XXX files are infected a tune
will be played or a flag will be dumped up to the screen. But if the
source code is spread out, more dectuctive people will change it to
(or atleast with 99% assurance), intro a more danger form. And then
we have the guys here (like us), who don't spread the virus (in
executable format) at all. We just shows the major public how to fool
around with scanners. Well, okey, I just have to mention it too,
there is actually people who are coding a incredible virus, and then
never gives a copy of it to everyone..I bet that everyone (correct me
if I'm wrong) who starts doing some assembler, have sometime tried out
to code a virus (or atleast a trojan). That's a fact, people like to
show up what they have done, if not to the public, atleast to them
selves. Okey, now I've have written lots of shit again..heh..I'll
just say you one last word in this article, please do NOT spread out
our viruses in COM formats and go take down the bullentin board
system here..I actually don't like board-crashers, cuz I call every
kind of systems, like Pd/half-elite/elite/virus/hacking/phreaking and well,
everything I guess, and if a board just went down of the reason of they
got infected by a destructive mutation by US, I'd never forget myself..
(but then I'm called : The Unforgiven too:)) heh..And remember if you in
the future sees a bullentin like this (for example top-uploaders) :
1. The Unforgiven 103 Megs, don't you dare to nuke it..heh..well, I've
no plans of being a trader, so that liners above there was just to fill
out this article a bit..Now I'm tired..See ya around!
                                                       [The Unforgiven]
 