         -+[ IR for the future ]+-
 
 
I asume that you have read most of the articles included in this
issue. I don't know your reaction right now, and I don't know if I'm
going to know it either. As the group is formed right now, we're
compleatly impossible to contact, we don't got any bbs's, we're not
users on any board at all. You might think that is very stupid, but
think in this way, if lamers like Mikael Winterkvist would figure out
our real names, we'd be dead. Hanged out in every decent newspaper
around the country of Sweden, which probably would result in a fatal
end for the group. We want to continue spreading out magazines to the
underground, and everyone who are interested in nice subjects for
example viruses. If we logged on a bullentin system, and anti-virus
reseachers saw us hanging out there, they would probably do the same
shit like they did when DY was in buisness. If someone wants to
contribute something to the group, well, I just can tell you I'm
sorry, but you can't under no circumstances at all reach us. If you
in some strange way figure out who we really are, please don't bother
to contact us, cuz we're going to deny it anyway. In the future we
might put up a system, and then we'll be reachable, but that is for
the future to show. We was suppost to have a dist-site in the capital
city of Sweden, but we just couldn't ask the sysop and risk the hole
shit. For example if an 'Italian virus-spreader' logged on his
system, and fooled the sysop that he was in some major virus-group,
and would like to chare his collection with us.. But then he must
have our voice-numbers and so on (just read the shit in the files who
was posted on lame-nets like VirNET, and in files like swevir.000 etc
etc)..We just don't want that shit to happend. If we later put up a
system, the rules will be very hard for getting access, and it'll be
run as a compleatly privat board. And when I say privat, it'll be
private, and not like the elite-boards. The most 'private'elite
boards here in the country got about 100-150 'private'users..Gah,
give me a break! A private system got about 20 users or something
like that..So, we tell you when we'll be reachable, meanwhile, do
some vga's/ansis/articles/viruses, or what-so-ever you want to, cuz
this issue is rather small I guess? Just a few articles, not so many
fresh mutations, and not any great art at all. I guess we'll be able
to contact to the second or third issue. But anyway it's now time to
hit the bed..See ya around!
                         [The Unforgiven]
 