                 INTRODUCTION TO THE FOURTH ISSUE
                 ================================

  Finally. That's all I can say. Yeah. My ladies and gentlemen, let
  me present the fourth issue of The Insane Reality disk-magazine!

  It's now a long time, maybe too long time since the last issue was
  released, but to compensate that, I only say check this one out!

  We brings you as usual the latest news, gossip and information from
  the what we call 'scene'. We're still, and will always be mainly into
  the virus-scene and therefor, most of the information published is
  virus-oriented.

  But, since we're somehow crazy, it also contains what you might find
  boring, irrelevant and excellent material to complain about. Of'cos
  talking about this nice user-friendly look and design that we all who
  don't fit under the description as narrow minded geeks seem to enjoy.

  Yes, all these stuff is here, thus making it a magazine that everyone
  can enjoy! So go a head and spread the magazine all over the world! It
  does however also contain material that you can study, and learn from.
  Now talking about the original source codes to different kinda viruses
  included!

  This time, we don't only publish our own creations, instead we have
  expanded the virus-source code a bit by printing other works as well.
  This b'cos of I was way too lazy to write viruses on my own (grin!),
  and the virus-column looked too tiny. Anyhow, Metal Militia took care
  about those stuff real good after me constantly complaining on him for
  being a what we usually describes as a lazy ass.

  This issue, is what I think, the best one so far. Many things has as
  usual changed, and also, all of they are nearly positive. I will not
  mention all great stuff happened in this article, b'cos of that would
  result in some pretty huge one. Instead, I let you explore the
  magazine on your own! 

  This issue, is somehow, what I find ego tripped. For example, nearly
  all articles is basicly about us. This b'cos of the underground isn't
  any what I describes as, open. No matter what other may think, but
  facts is, that not too many people who trust eachother these days.
  This is the result of all the AV-jerks going around trying to bust
  us bigtime.

  Yes, we might be underground, but face the situation yourself. It's
  hard, real hard, fighting the one who are in control. With the term
  control, I mean the one who have the right connections, and the one
  who people trust. The one who is in control, is in this case the AV.

  What we do is to stop their control. The control of power that they
  have gained from lies. The control over the average dumb user and
  the control over the media. Our weapon is information, and all we
  try to do is bring the world a little more of justice.

  We might use a bit what you find as uncontroversial methods, but that
  is the only way. People will not listen to you if you claim something,
  what you have to do is to profe it! And yes, we have! We have included
  articles and different statement from the AV that is not correct. As a
  matter of fact, nearly everything coming from the AV is not true.
  Sometimes it is partly true, but often, too often, the information
  given is not true at all. 

  Some pretty heavy works? Well, the truth can be hard sometimes. But,
  if we all join together, as one happy family, we can change the one
  being in control. If we all fight the evil-doers (AV-persons!), we
  will win! So, I say to my fellow virus-writers, hackers, phreakers,
  and the rest of the anarchy underground, stand up! It's time for that
  now. It's time to prove who are the bad guys, and who are not. 

  I encourage everyone to join in! Join the Riot! Through information,
  we will break the ice for the lies! The truth will be shown, and we
  will all live in a world, that stands for democracy, for freedoom and
  a place where everyone is allowed to do, think, write, whatever s/he
  wants!

  We're in the age of information. And only trough information we can
  make things happen. If we struggle hard, we can change the world! We
  are high-tech rebels, but we're not the bad-guys. We don't lie, we
  don't kill, and we don't harm anyone. The AV, the government and the
  security agencys does! They are the bad guys! All we do is to bring
  the correct information! A bit might be censored, but that's only for
  our own security, nothing else. 

  I might be a computer-anarchist, but the truth is that you more you
  learn, you more you'll find what's wrong. You'll sooner or later
  discover that the situation is real bad. And if we don't do anything
  about it, it'll become even worse!

  Corrupt, selfish, greedy, and ideotic is strong words, but not strong
  enough. The world who can describe the injustice in the world doesn't
  excist. Okey, you might not agree with me, and I do however not blame
  you for that. I encourage people to think in another way. If too many
  believe in one thing and a thing, that is wrong, it's dangerous. But
  however, my belief is not wrong. What I do is not wrong, and what I
  claim is not wrong. 
  
  So.. I hope I've given you an interesting though, or something, b'cos
  that wasn't really ment to be in this 'acknowledgement' article..
  Umm.. well, anyhow, I hope you enjoy the magazine as much as we did
  making it! And, don't try to ask me stuff about it, which are
  described in any article or something like that!

  If you want to have a good time, read all of our articles, you can't
  get the real joy out of it if you don't! Also, I would like to say
  that we we have however spent a hard time to make this issue what it
  is, and it's many hours of work behind it. So, for god sake, read it,
  and don't let our work be wasted!

  Enough said! Have a wonderful time until the fifth issue is out...

                         = THE UNFORGIVEN =