		        NOTES & GREETINGS
			=================

  Since I personally think the word 'greetings'is too much of a positive
  note I simply decided to label it to 'notes and greetings'.. So, these
  messages can (and will) be both positive and negative! This means that
  even if your name is in this list, it doesn't have to mean that I like
  neither admire you, or anything.. Of'cos I also felt like changing the
  idea with the 'Information' column a bit. Hope you (dis)like the idea!



  Personal notes; ("Nothing is personal" - Arnold himself)
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
              
  Raver:           Role-playing, karate, skateboard, economics,
                   computers, umm? What's up next, dude!? Just don't
                   tell me we're stuck with this shit (grin!).

  Metal Militia:   Get your ass out and make a move with Lisa! It's
                   atleast better to take a 'NO' than never know! Well
                   lie to yourself that it's anyhow! It'll help!

  B-Real:          So, your crazy fucker! When is _your_ magazine out
                   for release? Well, I think we should continue in
		   real tagging instead of this cyber-tag-shit!, Um?

  Scavanger:       Thanks for being such a party-asshole, for not 
                   letting me be the only criminal 'n' psycho guy
                   in our entierly class! Power to you, dude!

  Macaroni Ted:	   Oh.. that little trick with the beer surely works 
                   'OK'.. Say, should we start that 'get easy money'
                   project soon? Umm.. Yeah! Anarchy rules man!

  Jaywalker:	   So, you're the persons behind all the delays?! 
                   Ahh, Ted told me about it.. "But the one who waits.."
                   Or whatever! Hm.. Have a cool year in pepper-land!
   
  Annihilator:     Is the guy in the basement' suppose to be a personal
                   attack against you? Get more active again! You got
                   lotsa time to rest.. when you're six feets under!!

  The Wizard:      Thanks for continue with what The Judge was doing. 
                   Though a _PURE_ HPV board is a hell of a lot cooler!
                   Gee, I'm freezing like iCE when calling it (grin!)..

  Dark Image:      Umm.. Well, please don't claim that you're running
                   our US-HQ, b'cos you're not. Oh!, but keep your bbs
                   alive and too bad you didn't managed that interview!

  Ripmax:          Hi! Sorry that I get screwed-up connection to your
                   board.. Be sure to spread this (as usual!) on every
                   fucking site all over internet! Power to you!         

  Beetle:          Um? Oupps.. so the AT&T was up to kick our balls.. 
                   This should be proof enough that they didn't!.. Ahh,
                   good luck with the fucking three little pigs anyhow!

  Jabberwocky:     Time delays.. HAHA! I know exactly what your talking 
                   about.. Can't spare me reading your next productions!
                   Shaka on you too! Me in Italy? Naah!..Shame on you!..

  Dark Angel[UwE]: Whas it REALLY necessary to pick one of those names,
                   which causes TOTAL chaos! The scene is only for the
		   satisfaction to our sick (creative!) brains.. 

  Omega:	   Thanks for everything, dude! Umm.. Too bad that my
                   burned out modem didn't got any connect to your
                   board.. Remember to send Scotland Yard my best! ;)
                  
  Shockwave:       Well.. Logikal Nonsence, isn't that a kinda weird
                   name of a bbs? So, hope you're satisfied with the
                   english (A+) in this issue then! Ride the wave!

  Falcon:	   It was surely a pretty smart move to register the
                   board as AV(VX)- Ohh. sorry! That would just confirm
                   that Michel Paris had some IQ's afterall (grin!).. 

  Incubus:         Well, sorry for all criticism, but after seeing the
                   other works from you, I wasn't ANY satisfied at all!
		   Remember, "Nothing (everything!) is personal"!.. 

  Magnus:          Showa Bunga hellos and mega thanks for all the great
                   ansis! Say, a interface isn't _just_ a logo, umm?!
                   But we'll contact you again!.. I owe you a big one!

  The Sarge:       Demand a release from Rebels/PC soon! Good luck with
                   that cheesy project ;) Of'cos your with the art
                   exhibition, and with the school as well! Great dude!

  The Flash:       Your criminal!? We'd make a business-corporation, you
                   get the stuff.. I sell! Ahh, of'cos sharing 50-50,
                   fair you think? Nah, but the world is corrupt anyhow!

  The Jugde:       Admit that Mikael Larsson is some of a HUGE arsehole!
		   You virus-spreader? Well, naahh! See.. that was what
                   I always told you!.. Never trust the so called AV!!

  Wico:            Thanks for all the cards, not for calling in the
                   middle of the night, and not for abusing my phone-
                   answering machine! Hope you enjoy this issue!

  Dark Angel[P/S]: "Never had a man done so much for so many".. Well,
      		   thats all I could come up with!.. Umm!, continue with
                   40HEX aswell.. Make it released every 2nd month!!

  Memory Lapse:    Well, the dissassembler of Golgi Testicles wasn't
		   to satisfied with it! However, I'd personally say
                   that it was _great_ and he sucks bigtime! Continue!
 
  Priest:          Natas, hm, Satan rings bells! It was an awesome
                   virus! Umm!.. I'm greatful that I got Predator#2,
                   instead of that! Ohh.. great work! Keep it up!

  Garbage Heap:	   Wasn't 64DEC suppose to be bi-montly? Well, being
                   busted all the time can't make it easier? Umm.. 
		   say, wouldn't normal people have quit after 3 busts?

  Aristotle:       Well, good luck with that cheesy project <g>. Thanks
                   for the interview, and keep up your awesome board!
                   Btw, what happened with my 4-digit tel# code!? (eh?).

  Rock Steady:     I really dunno shits about what's going on in NuKE
                   these day, but what's making me confused is that
                   everyone is telling me different stories.. Take care!

  Nowhere Man:     Say, VCL2.00.. When will it be out?! We all have
                   heard about "somewhere in time", but still. Say, is
                   it true that NED crashes after the 5th generation?!.. 

  Urnst Kouch:	   Thanks for the interview, and being the only one
                   releasing news-letter on regular basis! Yeah, well,
                   do I get a sample of your book for free ;) heh!..

  John Tardy:      "By whose moral do we live?" This was actually a
                   really interesting thought you gave me! Okey, thanks
                   for your message and everything! Happy life, dude!

  Masud Khafir:    "These things we do might be naughty, but they not
                   crimes." Smart thought.. really!.. Well, you guys
                   turned out to be REAL nice afterall, I think...

  Crom-Cruanch:    Umm!? Did you say you broke that TB-hardware-cards?
                   Oh.. well, thanks for the interview, party on! Just
                   keep in mind that your soul is immortal! (eh?!) ;)..

  Dark Helmet:     Yeah! 'We'll make a civil war'.. hehe! Well, thanks
                   for the interview, to bad you had to censor it! Have
                   a wonderful time the last time as a student!..
 
  Darkray:         Hatsjeee! (Oh, I dunno what that means!, hi?) Hm, 
                   too bad you didn't had the time(?) with the inter-
                   view.. Ahh, it's cold here, I might get the flue ;).

  Decker:          First.. thanks for the Norweigian publicity, and 
                   blaming the VCL.OLYMPIC on us (NOT!). Hehe, well
                   see, we won the Olympic games with 24 golds anyway!

  Penetrator:      Well, so where's the rest of the support you told
                   us that you should finish in time? Try to be a
                   bit less destructive in further viruses!

  Israfel:         Will I get greets in Pyshcosis b'cos you're greeted
                   here (grin!).. HAHA!.. Well, what more to say than
                   keep on that funky bam 'n' k-spam shaka Psy issues!

  Tuttle:          So, where's OUR share on your best-selling CD?! Heh,
                   nahhh, just kidding man! So.. send me some free 
                   sample of your collection, and ul it to Shockwave!

  Freaking Dooz:   Keep up all the projects dude! Um!.. Well.. So, well
                   isn't it phun being banned from your girl-friend??!
                   Yeah!, rumours are forever ;).. Catch ya up someday!

  Maria Karlsson:  Ohh!.. I had thought writing a 'Scene VS Girl-Friend
                   & Life' article in this issue.. Too bad that I did
                   not make it! Enough said! Have a wonderful life!

  Patti Hoffman:   I see that you can't take any critism at all! HAHA!,
                   you're a REAL-screwed-up-bitch! Aren't you?! Lies, 
                   and more lies is what VSUM is all about, right!?
                    
  Michael Paris:   That CRIS stuff is rather, what I thinks confusing!
                   AVVx was really a smart move! Say, was it hard to
                   write the descriptions to our viruses (laughter!).

  Mikko Hypp봭en:  HAHA!, You Finish jerks will never learn, will ya?!
		   Hope you continue to write stuff about us in that
                   bull(or should I use horse-shit?) journals?!..

  M. Winterkvist:  Your fucking arsehole! That RSBBS was *LAME!* Do you
                   consider yourself over the law or something? If you 
                   however 'bust' us.. I'll kick your ugly butt!

		       Group Notes;


  ANOI:		   Release your drug-mag! Thanks for all support!
  TRIDENT:         Thanks for all interviews dudes!
  PHALCON/SKISM:   No hard feelings for that 64DEC joke ;)
  NUKE:		   Do release your journals a bit more often!
  CRYPT:           Keep up the releases on regular bases!
  ARCV:            Great hypertext! Do a comeback guys!
  YAM:             Say, did you release more than 3 issues of EVL?
  RABID:           Get back on the scene! Board-crashers.. Yesssh!
  PSYCOSIS:        Shaka om all you guys!
  MAGIC 12:        Get Top Secret/PC a bit more PC-oriented!
  REBELS/PC:       Get something released soon!.. Aha, tomorrow? ;)
  ICE:             Thanks for all the ansis dudes!
  FRISK INT:       Continue with your funny descriptions!
  TBAV	   	   Gee.. You still can't detect our viruses! Haha!
  S&S INT:         Tell the Q-A Info, Sweden to cool down a bit!
  CRIS:            You guys make me confused.. Umm!.. 
  DATA FELLOWS:    Finland will always be in the background of Sweden!
  VSUM:            Gack! 80% PURE rubbish! The rest partly nonsence!

		            = THE UNFORGIVEN =