               IMMORTAL RIOT'S TIME LINE ISSUE #3 - #4
               =======================================
  
  Yeah, since I had quite some good reponses on the last time-line I
  asked myself, why not make another one? Oh.. In case you're
  interested, this is however just the new stuff happened with us.
  
  I know that I already got a "what's new" article in this issue, but
  that article is not as informative as this one is. This one is more
  like "What's new major/minor/boring/phun stuff", or even "The complete
  time-line since issue #3", or whatever!
  
  As usual (one time before!) I got exact dates on nearly all stuff, and
  guess what, they're even correct! Some poeple thought that I just
  made up and faked the dates on most of the stuff, ohh.. I'm not that
  untrustworthy, if I say something, then it's also true!
  
  The format on the time is still YYYY-MM-DD, since that is the format
  used in Sweden..
  
  Disclamer; This article was written under a period when I was a bit
  drunk.. That probably resulted in too much gossip and un-interesting
  material.. Don't say I didn't warn you!
  
  Okey, here we go..
  
  1994-01-06:
  
  This day the 3rd issue was released. It was first uploaded to Firedoom
  Systems, from where it went world-wide. Okey, I know we said that it
  was released the 7 of January '94, but that was just to fool the
  traders to think it was a 0-days ware one day more :). From Firedoom
  Systems it went to our dist-sites in Australia and USA, and then it
  was sent all over internet. Hehe, -1 days stuff is fun to have, um :)?
  
  1994-01-07:
  
  After it (issue #3!) had spread like a wildfire over all the Swedish
  boards, Mikael Larsson of Virus Help Centre, Sweden got, PISSED!
  Through a leak by some dumb AV-person we got some inside information,
  that said that Mikael Larsson (and the rest of the swedish AV-jerk-
  team!) should send a note to the police about The Jugde's 'illegal
  activity'. 
  
  The Judge really didn't liked this for many reasons. Easy said, he
  wanted to stay out of trouble, and simply kick out our group. He
  didn't know that he didn't do any illegal stuff at all. Of'cos I
  told him that they simply couldn't win that battle b'cos it's not
  illegal in any way whatsoever doing stuff that isn't forbidden by
  law, which here is a fact!
  
  Sure, they knew they couldn't win, but they more like forced him to
  close down our area. Why you might ask? First, the situation here is
  kinda messed up about the whole goddamned virus-scene. The 'good-guys'
  (AV-persons!) is a bunch of loosers, knowing shit about what's going
  on. But as a matter of fact the most of the people believes them,
  instead of us.
  
  They've great connections with for example the newspaper as well as
  the rest of the public media. So fighting them will quickly result
  in some pretty bad reputation in the newspapers, etc.. It has happend
  several times before, and it'll most likely happen again. For example,
  we all remember the 'real-name' publishing of the 10-top VX boards
  here, The Demoralized Youth story, and also recently the bust of SHA
  (Swedish Hacking Associations).
  
  But anyhow, a funnny thing with this story is that they first of all
  leaked out the shit before they could nail our group itself! (I don't
  get the point with taking down the board, when there's like 1000+
  other boards out there!) And after some more investigations, we found
  out that the AV-persons STILL buys illegal software from pirating
  boards! This time it's Second front (TDT SHQ) which got paid. Oh,
  they're the one dealing with illegal activity, and WE are the bad
  guys? Scary thought!
  
  Another quite interesting thing is that they're so lame, and still
  havn't located us at all! I give them a D-. I think (and hope!) that
  they not will find out who we are, or something like that either..
  Okey, if that will be the case, I can however deal with the publicity.
  What I don't like is when they start checking your phone, etc. That
  could quite easy result in a pretty huge phone bill. 
  
  To add here is that they claimed that The Judge himself was a virus-
  spreader. This is nothing but PURE horse-shit! Mikael Larsson screamed
  out that b'cos of that he saw that The Judge had uploaded our magazine
  to Second Front (the board they're buying wares from!), how pathetic!
  
  Well I can tell these AV-arseholes that we'll not however buy yet
  another of these 'Esmond Dury' stories! Face it! You're just wasting
  your time, LOOSERS!
  
  1994-01-08:
  
  We got through The Flash in contact with yet another 08-dude, who was
  up to set up an underground bbs, and therefor replace the great loss
  of Firedoom Systems. After fixing various hardware stuff for him it
  was all clear.. The Wizard's Lair was born, and this board became the
  new Immortal Riot Swedish HQ.. 
  
  This day also Scan v108· was released. We noticed that Mcafee had
  added a scan string for Extasy and Ravage. Okey, it's the same
  strings, and it's in virlist.txt documented as just detecting
  .COM files. Ohh, I feel so sorry for the one getting struck with
  Ravage! (grin!)
  
  After some more debugging of the Desperado virus, by Mr. White, we
  saw that it also infected EXE files (Sorry for the wrong information
  about it in issue #3!).. We just didn't check enough..
  
  1994-01-10:
  
  Raver's 7.5 month duty of military service started this day. It was
  surely a great loss for the group, though I don't think of him as;
  Raver. I've now known him a la-la-la-la-long time (even before I
  could perform a 'dir'), and this is just one, of many many interests
  we've shared in the past.
  
  1994-01-11:
  
  Haha! rumours will never die! I heard that The Judge had been beaten
  up by some people who hated viruses.. Of'cos this was just a bad hoax!
  The funny thing was that everyone believed it! Hm!, how the fuck are
  we now supposed to have more boards in Sweden, ;-)?
  
  1994-01-20:
  
  Oupps.. some 'bugs' found in my viruses, first there was a miss-
  spelling in Paradise Lost (I did forget the last 'e' in Paradise),
  which resulted in the swedish word 'Paradis', instead of 'Paradise'.
  
  And on line 222 in Human-Greed (also a virus by me) the ' ' should be
  replaced with " ". But the one who can't fix that, probably doesn't
  have too much of assembly knowledge anyhow!
  
  1994-01-21 (time: 15:18:25):
  
  I got such a nice letter from Garbage Heap of Phalcon/Skism, where
  he in a few lines described our little piece of shit magazine.. You
  can read my reply in some other article. Gee, thanks mate, couldn't
  you've find another thing to dis-credit!?
  
  1994-01-23:
  
  LoC (Logical Coders) kicked out Lord Zero and wrote a 1994 bytes
  long text-file, in which they described that they were a DEMO-GROUP,
  and not as we had stated "the new swedish virus-writing group". Sorry
  guys.. Btw, LumberJack, did you say that we were black-listed from
  both Internet and CDN?? Ohh, how scary!
  
  1994-01-24:
  
  We got connection with Decker in Norway, a guy that is in IRA (eh?),
  yeah, funny word, huh? 'Immortal Riot Associates', or whatever..
  Anyhow, this connection was a great advantage for us, b'cos of the
  police in Norway seems to more and more understand the scene (the
  busts, etc should be enough proof on that one!) up there. Just hope
  they don't have too much of a cooperation with the Swedish nerds!
  
  1994-01-24:
  
  There's a program on the Swedish Television channel 1, called 'Bullen'
  (OK! OK! My father told me about it, I normally don't watch 13-14
  years programs for problem child/youths, promise!), describing the
  'scene'.
  
  Yah, these 'hackers' (see: 14-years old PD-GEEKS!!) described the
  wonderful world of computer-communication.. Of'cos there was just
  as usual NONE what-so-ever positive aspects on the scene at all!
  The subjects disused was just as usual children-pornografy,
  explosives, along with some other 'cyber-crimes' as well as economical
  cheating and different 'break-ins'. 
  
  I find it 'not-very-strange' that we, computer users, have a
  reputation as 'nerds'. I mean, who the fuck where these guys?? Get in
  touch, and I'll describe what it's all about!.. Umm? but what was the
  meaning with this text about 'Bullen'? Ahh, yeah, now I remember....
  they didn't name anything about all this dangerous programs, called
  viruses.. Ohh, holy shit man! Then does this mean that viruses aren't
  a negative disease for the computers (Like destroying *everyting*,
  infects *all* computers, EVEN the ones which are powered-off, right?),
  or well? 
  
  1994-01-25:
  
  I finally got one of those 14-digits-card-number, that allowed me to
  call our dist-sites.. This was the beginning of many many, long, and
  expensive calls, that we all like... 
  
  1994-01-29:
  
  After some days of surfing around in the US-scene Beetle joined up
  with his board (City Of Illusion) as a dist-site in the 818-AC.
  
  1994-02-03:
  
  I gave Patricia's BBS, Excalibur a call, and leeched VSUM. Ohh.. I
  just asked myself why bother wasting the time it takes leeching that
  peace of JUNK! "The reference of all known PC-viruses", UP MY ASS! I
  also left some feedback's describing some errors in her's VSUM.
  Of'cos she wasn't interested in fixing the fuck-up statements in
  VSUM, nor to reply my mail.
  
  1994-02-04:
  
  We (Immortal Riot) were the top-news in the biggest Norweigian
  newspaper, and even hot-stuff on Radio.Olso.. HAHA! Our kid-brother-
  country seems to be a hell of a fun publicity place! (Thanks Decker!)
  
  1994-02-05:
  
  Jabberwocky and his board Paradise Lost joined up as a dist-site in
  the 216-area code. Okey, this board ISN'T any HPV board at all! The
  reason that I accepted him as a site is that he's pretty into the
  'disk-magazine' scene. Nothing else.
  
  I also called up Patricia in the voice, but she refused to talk with
  me! (It was like, umm.. like thisena!)
  
  Chris> Patti, this is The Unforgiven calling, are you there?
  Patti> Ohh.. Umm.. NO!.. I can't take any critism, no, tell him that
         I'll be back within 2 hours! I'm this cripple-pussy who just
         don't dare to include viruses from groups of the reason of they
         can tell the readers that I'm wrong about 80% of the statements!
  Cris>  Sorry, she wasn't really in for the moment.. She will
  Moi >  Yah, Yah!.. I know the story! (blahing!)..
  
  Anyhow.. This Cris was quite "Ok" afterall.. Though, he could really
  learn to make better dissassemblies! (and not always tell that they're
  too busy to include our viruses, specially not when we give fully 
  commented source-code!) Shame on you!
  
  1994-02-06:
  
  Dark Angel (not the guy in Phalcon/Skism!) joined up as a dist-site
  in the 203-area code, with his board Underworld Elements. This board
  isn't the best one around (concering the HPV stuff), though the staff
  behind UWE helped us out with some ansis..
  
  1994-02-10:
  
  We got F-Prot 2.11, and Extasy/Ravage was included in FOUR entries
  in the real-program itself! Thanks to Mikko Hypponen (NOT!).. There's
  however (as always!) replies (in some article!) on AV-persons
  statement concerning our viruses/magazine/group. Go ahead and read
  what that finish jerk wrote about us.. 
  
  1994-02-15:
  
  B-Real joined as a member in Immortal Riot, and Sub-Life was released
  from the group b'cos of total inactivity! Gee.. He's 500m from me, and
  I havn't heard from him since he joined in! (Except on some parties!).
  
  1994-02-19:
  
  Back on tracks after some days in Germany.. Hehe, Scavanger, did you
  got Therese's number or what? Then, what're we waiting for??! Holy
  smoke man!.. If the money allows we must do that shit again!.. Well
  to the readers, I suggest a Germany trip.. Oh.. this is about viruses,
  right?? Ohh.. All that girlie hunts can however result in you getting
  some real naughty virus (Aids, does that ring a bell?!).
  
  1994-02-20:
  
  The Wizard's Lair opened for the public, and we started advertise
  for it on all non-swedish boards. Our (Metal Militia's!) first
  stealth virus was also ready this day (Invisible Evil!).
  
  1994-02-21:
  
  Michal Paris posted strings to some of our viruses from issue #3 all
  over the fido-net. Ohh, I'm amazed! This guy wrote down nearly exactly
  the text behind the ;comments in our sources (which we posted on
  varios US-underground-NETS!), and there stood "Analyse by" haha!,
  funny guy! :).
 
  1994-02-22:
  
  62890 bytes of articles (without the .ASM'S!) were in our 3rd issue,
  and to my great surprise I noticed that the the 2nd was bigger. 109391
  bytes with the interviews, and 72020 bytes without them.. I guess I
  checked that b'cos I know that the 4:th one should be far larger..
  (How meaningless text can I possible write in our magazine, ummm??).
  Though, I've heard that the size isn't what matters anyhow (grin!).
  
  1994-02-24:
  
  Today, it happened.. I got ahold of a whole cruel motha-fucking list
  of 100 at&t cards, yeah! I called up Patricia (I refuse to talk to
  you!) Hoffman, but as usual she said that she wasn't in.. 
  
  But I had some quite interesting talk with Chris Robinsson (again). 
  Umm.. Well, we didn't make that 'NO GOD' trojan anyhow!
  
  1994-02-27:
  
  Today, I got ahold of Evolution #2 and #3 from YAM, gee, it was a
  waste of time reading them.. But well, YAM/Canada, right? Ohh, yeah,
  Sweden also won the ice-hockey final in The Olympic.Games over Canada,
  with ease! this day.. Umm.. Yeah! 'Canada Canada, eat this' (grin!).
  
  1994-03-02:
  
  DN - 'Dagens Nyheter'(The Daily News - Swedens biggest newspaper)
  wrote some stuff about us.. Of'cos Winterkvist was involved with it,
  claiming that we were youth without any identity, and that our lives
  were like a computer-game.. We wanted to be famous for something,
  b'cos we didn't managed the REAL-life.. HAHA! That prick is so funny!
  
  They also wrote that our groups goal (This time not MW!) was to
  produce new, dangerous viruses to spread, and destroy. Nothing else.
  Is that true? Do this guy know what he talks about? Hardly.. Though,
  he's been scene active the last 5 years or so.. Ha!, he just can't
  have much of brains.. 
  
  But what I found most funny, was that DN even printed the interview
  with ANOI (from Issue #2) in color! (One whole fucking page man!) and
  said that our magazine, was a 'forum' for the secret underground-
  groups. (Great publicity or what??).
  
  Hmm.. yeah, this was really funny.. Publicity that we didn't ask for,
  and where our real-names weren't published. The whole 'underground-
  scene' was under a period of 4 days described in DN.. And pretty OK
  afterall too. 
  
  1994-03-06:
  
  I got ahold on ARCV Virus Summary DataBase, it was really quite "OK".
  I thought that ARCV only had made some PS-MPC hacks.. Which turned
  out to be dead wrong. Of'cos the descriptions were real-screw-ups in
  Patricia's VSUM (the best ones weren't even included!). I guess the
  groups in the future will think the same thing about us.. 
  
  I also got a message from Tuttle on Logikal Nonsense, who said that
  he was selling viruses on CD-ROMs (including virus-collections and
  our magazines), so dude, where's OUR share?? // Mr. Greed! (grin!)..
  
  1994-03-12:
  
  We recieved some information from Aristotle about a guy called Gory
  Sadle who wanted to interview as many virus-programmers, etc as
  possible, so well, we called him up, and told him what he asked for.
  
  It was like, the common, pretty boring questions! Like, what's your
  motivation, why spread around destructive programs? What's fun with
  it, etc.. 
  
  He had as well done interviews with for example Hellraiser, Rock
  Steady, Aristotle, Sara Gordan, Urnst Kouch, Mark Ludwig, and many
  many more. So wait for the Juni/Juli issue of Pc Computer(?) Magazine!
  
  1994-03-13:
  
  Shockware and his board, Logikal Nonsense joined up as a dist-site
  in the 717-area-code..
  
  1994-03-15 - 1994-03-19:
  
  I got the interviews from the most members of TridenT! Showa-bunga
  man! They turned out to be really 'OK' (or even very nice!) afterall.
  The 'fighting' between our groups should now have stopped completly
  (I hope anyhow!). And I'm looking forward with further good contacts
  with this (excellent, yeah, that's true!) virus-writing group.
  
  So Tardy, we can all make a mistake here and there... The problem
  is only that the humans most learn to forgive, and not to make them
  again.. (over and over!) Nothing else.
  
  1994-03-20:
  
  Falcon joined as a dist-site in the 714-area-code, with his board
  called 'West Coast Institute of Virus Research'. As the name might
  say, it's (for once!) a PURE virus/anti-virus research board!
  
  1994-03-21:
  
  Today the end of anarchy is near (not!). Our well-known swedish
  reporter Mikael Winterkvist has done it once again. A Swedish
  newspaper named DMZ or Datormagazine (The Computer Magazine in English
  that is) has started a BBS-council (RSBBS) together with the Swedish
  states council of violence descriptioning! Mikael jumped into the game
  as the face of our AV-jerk-team!
  
  They've said to only be out there to "clean up the mess" so to speak,
  but hey, this one's greed makes me wanna puke! He is obsessed with
  having power! There was one rule against viruses, including asm's and
  one against other informational sources carrying these (like our
  magazine). There was also lotsa other 'ethical' rules, like child-
  pornografy, etc.. Umm!.. isn't this forbidding the freedom of speech/
  write or even religion? Say, who's doing illegal stuff?!
  
  They will have year-meetings and a large union with sub-clubs in each
  part of the country (our "mini-states" so to speak :)) plus a lot
  more. This includes for example company support. Umm!.. well, after
  a eventually 'bust' of us, we'll probably have a hard time looking
  for job in that company! And oh!.. I guess there will be lotsa
  companies joining up with him!
  
  They will make maps on where the virus-writers (and other what he
  thinks is bad-guys) are located so they don't have to scan though the
  whole fucking country without getting traces. Yessh!, it's like CARO,
  though this organisation is much more complex build! Yaha! Like a
  whole fucking goverment with lotsa rules and regulations! 
  
  This gives Mikael the chance to make his dreams come true, that is to
  become a FÅhrer and have full power without any need of licking others
  ass to get things done (They will be a lobbying group with lotsa
  power, and influent- even to the real government!)
  
  He also said that their methods of doing stuff will go over the laws
  in the hunt of destructive scum-bags! I don't care how lame the PD-
  community may be, but if many joins up, and they're acting in illegal
  ways, they will be a bit troublesome!
  
  Okey!, they're all mostly geeks, and they can't really think too much
  for themself!, but with a leader like Mikael with this fucking awesome
  persuasive powers they can (and will!) be a real threath towards us!
  He can probably have them doing whatever he wants them too!
  
  For interested people, in Mikael's own corporation you can pay a fee
  and be a full-member w/votingrights plus getting their magazine (ev.
  as a hard-copy not decided yet) and some other things. Robbing 14-
  year-olds on their hard earned week-money and playing k-spam, hey,
  who's the criminal? What moral does this geek have?
  
  Geesh Mikael. Chill out man! This digital Third Reich with you as
  FÅhrer (are we the jews!?) will not win! Don't try to be over the
  law! You're not! As a matter of fact, not even close, um!.. I mean
  born looser!
  
  So.. what I'm trying to say is that this is a sad development.. When
  Mikael can't stop us in any legal way, he's building up a sorta own
  'StÅrm-Abteilung' department to nail the shit outta us! Yessh! Enough
  said!
  
  1994-03-30:         
  
  I recieved the interview from Urnst Kouch, which will be included in
  this issue.. also, Scavanger was over this day and helped me out with
  the english. (Thanks DUDE!)

  1994-03-31: 

  This day, me and Raver started to add the configuration shit to the
  the magazine.. It surely looks nice, and I guess that the magazine
  as it looks now, should be out within a period of approximately two
  days! 

		           = THE UNFORGIVEN =