        RESPONSES, THOUGHS, AND INFORMATION ABOUT INSANE REALITY
        ========================================================
 
  This article is about different responses, thoughts and other crap
  concerning our disk-magazines.. Let's start from the first one..
 
  Issue ONE;
 
  I first thought that the first issue was awesome. It was the first
  magazine ever released from Sweden, and it was among the first menu-
  based underground/virus oriented magazine's out there. Evolution from
  YAM was released earlier, but that wasn't any Swedish product anyhow.
 
  The code was ugly. The menu-system was shit, and same goes for the
  filebrowser, and music-system. The articles weren't any interesting,
  and the viruses were really pretty lame too. The music-module was
  ripped b'cos I lost my own (it sounded terrible anyhow!), and there
  weren't any fancy VGA pictures either. And as if this shouldn't be
  enough it was a pain in the ass to start it.. It was awfully slow!
 
  What to add about the first issue was that it used a hell of a dumb
  way of reading the articles into the browser. They (the articles!)
  were encrypted on the hard-drive, and when you started the magazine,
  it decrypted the file to a now un-encrypted file on the HD. When you
  then chosed to read it, it read the 'TXT' file into the browser. This
  was horrible! It needed two files for every article, and deleted the
  un-uncrypted article/virus when you chosed the 'EXIT' option. The way
  of showing the VGA-pictures weren't the best around either. It needed
  a PIC/PAL file for every VGA, which were really annoying when you
  perfomed a 'dir' in that directory. 
 
  We also had to include a file called 'viruses.zip' where the .ASM
  files were stored. This was b'cos of the magazine didn't had any
  'save to file' function. Okey.. It had however a printing function,
  but that wasn't working on a laser printer (try the not-documented
  F7 key!), and who wants to write a 14000 bytes text of assembly-code
  to a file, just to get confirmed that Scan and Solomon didn't find
  them anyhow?
 
  So.. what responses could we possible have on such an issue? Umm.. I
  really dunno, since I didn't use 'The Unforgiven' on ANY board what-
  so-ever in those days. I'd say that it sucks bigtime! Hope you agree
  me on thatone!
 
  Anyhow, it was just a start... and a first issue, when nor me or Metal
  Militia was too much involved in the virus scene. Please don't judge
  us for what we did in those days, and we'll for example not say that
  64-DEC issue number 1-7 sucks bigtime too. (Someone who understood
  the _joke_ with 64-DEC?? ;)). (No hard feelings please!)
 
  Issue TWO;
 
  Anyhow, about three month later the release of issue #1, our second
  issue was out. Between the first and second issue many things were
  improved (I think!). First of all, the magazine-code was completly
  new written, by (then) our newest member, Raver. The new magazine
  was programmed in C and ASM (The file-browser, and LOTSA other
  routines as well was 100% asm!), which resulted in a hell of a lot
  faster and tighter code. Then it was much more well designed, had
  more functions, and it also looked better.
 
  The articles were also a hell of a lot more interesting, and same goes
  for the viruses included. The music-system was removed and the VGA-
  pictures included were awesome! The interviews were appreciated since
  we all love gossip of any kind! Until the release of the 2nd issue,
  we also managed to convince WiCO to open up his board again and yes,
  he did. When WiCO closed his board, The Jugde joined as sysop for our
  Swedish HQ. We were no longer in the dark, which resulted in some
  responses about our magazine and group.
 
  Most of the people liked the idea with our magazine. It was a brand 
  new style of magazine (how original I am!). Who expects a virus-
  oriented magazine too support ansi and vga-art in a nice user-
  friendly design?
 
  Of'cos some people complained about what most of the persons liked
  (I'll disuss this further about issue #3!), the menu-based idea, 
  and even worst, the ART included. They just thought it was too mixed
  up! Anyhow, the responses concering the ART (by 99%) was "yeah!, hell
  of nice VGA stuff man!" (Thanks to The Sarge & WiCO!)
 
  The responses about the viruses weren't really any better either. Some
  people hated me for mutate older viruses, and even worse, put
  destructive code and sick-messages in them. Though, we gave the
  readers an oppurtunity to spread out 9 'new' and by Scan/Solomon
  undetectable viruses. Hehe, back in those days we thought that using
  Tbscan's heuristics mode was cheating! (smile!).
 
  After the release of the second issue, people started knowing what
  we were up too. The post on int.vir and swe.vir was it. They started
  say.. "Who the FUCK is this group? Why do they spend their time doing
  viruses when they release the source code anyway? What's Insane
  Reality? Where do they live? What's their other handles? etc, etc.."
 
  Most of the people thought that the magazine was good, but it could
  be far better if we started with HPA support as well. We thought
  about it for a while, and decided not to do that crap. Some people
  also thought that we should change the text-based magazine to a
  complete VGA-based one. (I know people who would think that should
  be the lamest thing ever!), however we'll not do a VGA-based magazine,
  b'cos of the reason that we simply just love this kinda interface!
 
  Okey, so we all can say that the 2nd issue was far superior than the
  first one, and that more people liked it very much. Okey, but then
  again.. we continued, and bam!.. the third issue was out..
 
  Issue THREE;
 
  Less than 2 month after the release of the 2nd issue, the third one
  was out. I personally thought (and still thinks!) something like
  'Yeah!, it's awesome (just as with the earlier ones!).
 
  The major improvments in the third one was the quality. The code was
  nearly the same (some bug-fixes, and minor code-changes here and
  there, but nothing that the user noticed anyhow!), and the idea was
  still the same. 
 
  What most people liked better in the third one were the viruses. Yeah,
  Doom was such an example. It was something new from us. Three scratch
  viruses were released from us, and the hacks were highly modified,
  nearly new ones, I'd say. As a matter of fact, not ANY program found
  ANY virus which we released in the 3rd issue! (And up-to-date:
  1994-03-21, still doesn't! - how pathetic!) 
 
  We had then also managed to get some foreign boards, and a pretty 'OK'
  distribution system. This one was the first issue, which I know,
  spreaded fast as hell, world-wide.
 		  
  Now, many more people know about us, which resulted in pretty many
  repsonses about the magazine. I'd say that about 99% of the people
  who read it, liked it very much. But we all can't agree on everything,
  and it's nothing wrong in thinking another way.. However, good, or
  not, here's what I saw (to my great dissapointment!) from a well
  known guy in a highly respected virus-writing group.
  (Garbage Heap/Phalcon/Skism)
 
  "I dont really think that IR-MAG is worth reading at this point.  It
   has one of those annoying interfaces, and they havent progressed
   their programming skills to the point where there are any interesting
   articles.  But who knows. If someone showed me a copy of 40Hex-1,  I
   would say the same thing. Of course, we at least spoke english :-) "
 
  Yeah, how nice from Garbage Heap/Phalcon Skism to write such a nice
  message about our magazine (NOT!). I havn't found anything wrong in
  doing what we think is good.
 
  I'll of the reason that he's such a 'respected' man in the virus-
  community and has been around for such a long time, write a special
  reply concerning his message. Here we go!
     
                      -- HERE IT STARTS --
 
 "Then don't read it!, It's all up too you. We're 'scene-guys', we DO
  other stuff to the scene than 'just' virus-programming. You might not
  find it interesting b'cos you know the shit. Our goal is to tech
  ourself, not you.. What we do is LEARN, and after we've learned, we
  share it. I don't find anything wrong with that..
 
  And by the way.. First, I find 40hex1-7 not very good. After the
  release of PS-MPC in issue 8 it was good. Even extremly good. If you
  complain about our programming skill, and viruses, feel free. It's a
  democracy  we live in and I surely encourage the freedoom of speech,
  write and think what so ever you want!
 
  But however, I havn't seen any programs/viruses from you in person. I
  know that Dark Angel, Priest and Memory Lapse (and maybe even more
  guys from P/S) is 'ranked' around the top of all virus-writers in the
  world. But does that necessary have to mean, that everyone in Phalcon/
  Skism is THAT good? I think not. 
 
  The idea behind this magazine is that *everyone* can read/learn/enjoy
  it! It's not just directed toward persons in the somehow narrow-minded
  virus-community. And what I've learned is that our 'annoying
  inferface' is much more appreciated than pure text-mode "magazine's".
  (From the avarage PC-user anyhow!) If you feel uncomfortable with the
  user-friendly interface, simply use the F1-key and get your .00? text-
  files! (Is that asking too much?)
 
  And did you notice something, we are ALL are from Sweden and we don't
  write or talk perfect english. Do that sound strange to you? I admit
  that my english isn't the best around, and there's nothing I can do
  about it. Sorry. Ahh, I could however write in swedish instead. Wow,
  would that be a cool thing to do? (I think not!).
 
  Don't consider this reply as a 'rag' towards you in peson, or your
  group, we simple just got different views of ideas, nothing else."
 
 	                --- END OF REPLY --
 
  So.. that material is what we have seen from persons in the PURE virus
  community. (The ones who hate _everything except TASM, DOS, and TEXT!)
 
  I know that YAM got the same responses on their magazine, I didn't
  disliked Evolution b'cos of their interface, the opposite in fact. 
  But however, I think our magazine is more informative and interesting
  than the one relesed by YAM (There was a lack of original source codes
  in Evolution, I think). 
 
  Then however, I assume that most of the people ain't lying when they
  said that they liked our 3rd issue. Even TridenT told us that it was
  'OK', and that's not bad!.. I think that our magazine can however be
  read by the major public, all people involved with nearly any scene!
 
  It's a way of expression.. Hm! I think I've seen a slogan going
  something like this: "Insane Reality - our way to express freedoom"...
  It's basicly all about having fun, getting in touch with different
  people around the globe, discussing different ideas, ideologies,
  exploring the computer, and of'cos learning.
 
  We don't publish Insane Reality to our self-congratulation, nor
  showing it and screaming "We're the best - fuck the rest".. I think
  the scene is FAR too serious, and the words 'selfish assholes' has
  more and more become a new type of persons. The title 'lamer' can be
  given to everyone, and the attitude is getting more and more like
  'make competitors, not friends'.
 
  This is a sad development in the scene.. I dunno for how long this
  will continue, but if that is the case, the PC-scene will be
  destroyed. It's starting more and more to become like the amiga-
  scene, there rag-wars, fame, and back-stabbing is what counts. 
 
  Anyhow, back to the reponses.. 
 
  Well, the other stuff included (design/VGA/articles) was also
  appreciated. Most of the people said that it was a good looking,
  funny, but on the same time also an informative magazine. This is
  seldom the case, and I'd like to give my best to the people who said
  that. Thanks.
 
  A few people also thought that we were a new 'RABID', going around
  rag-ing, back-stabbing other groups/persons in the virus-community.
  I don't think we do. We do however allows EVERYONE to support, and
  include stuff in our magazine, which probably has resulted in a few
  rag-stuff. Though, these stuff, is NOT encouraged from us, but we'll
  however not censor anything! It's what it's all about.. information-
  freedom!
 
  Then, how will the responses on this (the 4th) issue be like? I think,
  that most of the people will like it very much. We've got great
  support from different persons, and groups around the globe. And
  of'cos the quality of the stuff included has raised again.
 
  The design will most likely be changed a bit. That b'cos of that I
  find it fun to annoy the "TEXT 'n' ASCII - everything else is lame"
  geeks. Well, not really. But the fact is, that I enjoy art. Ansi,
  VGA, viruses and other creativity that I consider as art. 
 
  I know that everyone can't share this thought, but let's put the
  question in another way.. If Insane Reality was a text-forum, would
  we then have had as many readers (see: fans ;)) as we got now? Hardly!
  Would the world have paid as much attention to what we did if they had
  to read about us in their favourite lister? I think not!
 
  What we do, is somewhat original. And if I get an idea, I won't end 
  it up halfway! I wanted to change our magazine a bit between the
  2nd and 3rd issue, but I didn't have any time for that. Now, in the
  4th issue, I had the time, and some stuff was changed. For example,
  I took back the interview column, included viruses from other groups,
  and viruses, which shouldn't have been out in case I didn't included
  them. 
 
  Some design in the magazine 'look' was also changed. The configuration
  menu was new.. Menu-logos and different file-browsers was a new idea.
  I know however some people who will hate the new interface, the rest
  not-so-narrow-minded persons will probably like it. Anyhow, I didn't
  kill that impulse that told to me to do it.. (blah blah! or whatever!)
 
  But also, as I said in the first issue, "we'll include what-so-ever we
  find interesting".. That's also what we're about.. having fun.. when I
  find what I'm doing boring, I'll most likely stop doing it. Okey.. all
  stuff can't be fun, but the rule is, Carpe Diem! Or as some other
  group says "Make every day a party day!". If you find something you
  do, more a duty to the scene (people expects you to do.. etc!), then
  drop it.. 
 
  Oh.. well, I dunno the responses about the 4th issue, but as I see it
  now, it surely looks good.. it's quality, and it's an Insane Reality..
  What more could you possible demand?.. Umm.. well, better rush.. 
 
                           = THE UNFORGIVEN =