	           VCL.OLYMPIC VIRUS HITS THE NEWS
                   ===============================

  About F-Prot's bulletin 2.11. "We're (for once!) innocent!"

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  The Olympic virus hits the news
  -------------------------------
  VCL.Olympic -virus received a lot of publicity in the beginning of 
  February. This was caused by the Olympic-theme activation routine of
  the virus, and the suspicions that the virus had infected the computer
  systems of the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer. In later checks
  this virus was not found in Lillehammer systems.
 
  VCL.Olympic is written by a Swedish virus writing group Immortal Riot. 
  This group is discussed more closely in another story in this Update 
  Bulletin.
 
  The VCL.Olympic is a normal COM file infector.  The method used by
  the virus to search for the next file to be infected is not very
  efficient, though. Once the virus has infected a large number of the
  files on the hard disk, it might take half a minute for the virus to
  find a new victim file. Such a slowdown is likely to make the virus
  easier to spot.

  The virus activates by random after the 12th of February - the 1994
  Winter Olympics start on this date. At the time of activation, the
  virus draws the Olympic circles to the screen and displays some
  comments the Games. After this, it overwrites the first 256 sectors
  of the first hard disk in system. The virus also disables Ctrl-C and
  Ctrl-Break during the destruction routine. Finally, the machine is
  hanged. When an infected file is executed, the virus first decrypts
  its code. Then it starts to recursively search for suitable victim
  files, starting from the root directory of the current drive.

  When the virus finds a file to infect, it first checks it's size to
  make sure the added virus code will not grow the file over the size
  limit of COM files, 64KB. Then it inspects the first bytes of the
  candidate file to see if it already contains a similar jump construct
  that the virus is about to insert to the beginning of file. If such
  structure is found, the virus considers the file to be already
  infected and starts to search for another victim.

  The virus does not check for the `MZ' or `ZM' markers to distinguish
  EXE files. This means that the virus will corrupt EXE files that have
  been renamed to have a COM extension. When such a corrupted file is
  executed after infection, the virus will be able to spread further,
  but is unable to transfer control back to the original program. In
  most cases the machine will just crash.

  The actual infection process consists of storing the original first
  three bytes of the file to the end of the file and replacing them with
  a jump to a decryption routine, which the virus also appends to the
  end of the file. An encrypted version of the virus code is also stored
  to the end of the file, before the decryption routine. The virus uses
  a single pseudo-random variable key based on the infection time to
  encrypt it's code.

  VCL.Olympic is able to infect files which have the DOS read-only
  attribute turned on. It will also restore the date and time stamps of
  the infected files. However, infected files grow in size by 1440
  bytes, and this is visible in the directory listing. The virus has no
  directory-stealth routines, since it does not stay resident.

  VCL.Olympic has a one-in-ten chance to activate if the date is equal
  to or greater than the 12th of February. The current year is not
  tested, so the virus will activate in the future as well. If the virus
  does not activate, it will return the control back to the original
  program.

  A lot of the code resembles the viruses generated by the VCL virus
  generator, up to the point of the standard VCL-like note; a short
  message in the end of the virus, which is not displayed at all. In
  this virus, the note text reads: "Olympic Aid(s) `94 (c) The
  Penetrate". This virus is probably based on VCL-created code, and has
  just been modified to avoid detection by some of the most popular
  scanners.

  F-PROT Professional 2.11 detects and disinfects VCL.Olympic.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Source:
      F-PROT version bulletin 2.11.Copyright (c) 1994 Data Fellows Ltd.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
		       HERE COMES MY REPLY!
		       ====================

  Oh shit! More publicity! I really hate being accused for something I
  havn't done! Yes, up my ass that this quote is true:

  VCL.Olympic is written by a Swedish virus writing group Immortal Riot.

  They claimed that we did it? How the fuck can they state that the
  virus 'IS written by..', not 'probably/possibly written by?'. I find
  that really quite weird since it isn't true.

  Anyway, as the name tells, it was written to infect the computers at
  the olympic games, held in Lillehammer, Norway. I find that very,
  strange that we should be accused for something thought to be spread
  in Norway. First off all, we don't have access to any computer located
  in Norway, and since we don't do any hacking, it's really impossible
  for us to reach the computers up there in our neighbour country.
	    
  Then the virus. It's really nothing fancy about it. Up to this day,
  (1994-03-12) we (Metal Militia) have finished a new memory resident
  size-stealth infector. So even if we would like to infect Lillehammer
  with a virus, we'd have chosen the best virus created by us. Does it
  make any sense to spread a slow, poor replicating virus? I hope not.

  Then if we go through the functions included in that virus. 
  "A lot of the code resembles the viruses generated by the VCL virus
  generator". Yeah!, that's actually quite true. I've myself looked
  through the VCL.Olympic (or Olympic Aid(s) '94)) and it surely looked
  like it was based on VCL-code!

  The funny thing here is that we never have 'created' a virus in VCL,
  PS-MPC, IVP or any other generator. Would we 'create' a virus written
  in for example VCL for a purpose like this? Hardly! If we would like
  publicity we would have given BETTER examples of viruses than a 'poor'
  VCL-hack (Sorry Penetrator!)

  Ok! Ok! I've used desctructive code generated by VCL and other stolen
  pay-loads by NuKE, but what I've learned is that the infect-routine is
  what counts, right? And that NW.NuKE.256.trash works really great!

  Then anyhow, the (c) note "Olympic Aid(s) `94 (c) The Penetrate".
  They claimed that we're four members so far (in the other article
  included here!) That's true, It's me (The Unforgiven), Metal Militia,
  Raver and B-Real. B-Real joined in today, and Sub-Life was released
  from the group b'cos of his total inactivity. 

  But this Penetrate person? Member of Immortal Riot? I can't see
  "(c) '94 Immortal Riot" anywhere in the code, can you? So, four
  members? Learn some math before screaming loud about all kinda stuff.

  Then the funny question comes? Why did they write that we'd made the
  virus? I've really no idea about that, do you?

  So, therefor I'd like to deny *everything* in the case of VCL.Olympic.
  I havn't written it, neither Metal Militia, Raver nor any other member
  in our group. I like the Olympic Games, and I would never think about
  destroying an arrangement like that. 

  I'd like to say that this article 'VCL.OLYMPIC' from F-PROT version
  bulletin 2.11. Copyright (c) 1994 Data Fellows Ltd. (Haha!, Source
  correct given??) is pure shit! The statement they printed had no
  foundation, in fact they must have taken it right out of the air!
  Thanks for reading, and remember not to trust the greedy, corrupt and
  lame AV-persons!

                          = THE UNFORGIVEN =