--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           Interview with Beetle / Sysop of CoI Inc / USA
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Give me a short description of who you are!

- I'm a Beetle.  What more is there to say?

 Why did you picked that alias, Beetle?

- Well In the old days when I had no handle, I logged into a board and
  was prompted for a handle.  I used Beetle Bailey just 'cause it was
  the only I could think of at the time.  After a while people started
  referring to me simply as Beetle.  It grew on me, and I eventually
  changed it to just plain Beetle.

 Any thoughts behind your board name (CoI Inc.)?

- Well it originally started as The City of Illusions.  The story about
  how that name came about goes like this:  I got the go ahead to
  register Oblivion/2 (Yes I payed) and I wanted to get my board up
  and running as soon as possible.  So I just threw any old name in the
  registration form,  and that name happened to be The City of
  Illusions.  Me and my Remote,  the Monk, both thought the name
  sucked.  He came up with the idea of CoI Inc. and it sounded cool
  and just kinda stuck.

 When did you discovered the world of computers?

- About 10 Years ago at the age of 6 when my dad bout an Apple ][e for
  my family.  Since then I've been computing.

 How long have you been scene-active? (both "normal" and "underground")

- Well I've been really active in the underground BBS scene for about
  a year and a half now, with about two years total BBS experience.

 How did you came into the underground scene?

- Well I was Pirating Apple Software way back in '84, but that was my 
  neighbor's job, I just played the games.  He had a 300 Baud modem
  and I'm not sure, but I think he ran a board.  I didn't start taking
  an active role until about a year and a half ago when I started doing
  the warez thing.  That lasted about 6 months, and I fell in love with
  Hacking/Phreaking.

 What part of the underground do you think needs improvements?

- It all does.  The Warez scene has got to be toned down.  Warez ARE
  neccesary,  but their presence is way too over emphasized.  The H/P
  scene has to be revived.  In the Mid eighties it was at it's peak
  and has never been the same since.  Monk and I were talking the other
  night about this, and we were thinking that this paranoia just has
  to go, and the information has to start to flow freely once again.

 Positive/negative aspecs of the scene?

- I can't think much to say positive right now, and the one BIG thing
  plaguing the scene is the attitude behind it all.  If the Attitude
  were to go, the scene as a whole would be vastly improved.

 Which groups have you been involved with?

- Argh... RIOT/THC/NuKE(Net)  I think there are a few others, but oh
  well.

 Which groups are you in right now?

- COG/ELF/IR/COR

 How would you describe the US-scene today, comparing to when you
 started?

- The scene has become much more infested since I entered.  In the
  short time I've been here I've seen a rapid decline in all aspects.

 Why do you think people spend so much time in front of their monitors?

- Because we have no lives :)

 About how ow much daily time do you spend with your computer/bbs?

- Too Much - About 4-6 Hours maintaining the board etc...

 What do you like that term 'computer-nerds'?

- Well I've seen both cases of BBSers being total nerds, and really
  cool people. I think it's just like real life.  Some are geeks,
  some aren't.
 
 In which way have the scene influented in your "REAL" life?

- It's changed my attitudes about the government, but that's about it.
  Three years ago I wouldn't have given a fuck about the FCC, CIA, NSA,
  etc. but now I do care.  I watch what they do as best I can, but
  that's about it.

 Have you ever tried to describe the scene to some "non-computer"
 friend? (or even a girl!), and do you think it's possible for
 them to understand the 'fun' with it?

- Yes I have.  I will explain as best I can to anyone who asks.  I've
  talked to kids, adults, guys and girls, and most generally leave
  thinking I'm really fucked in the head.  I've run into very few
  people who ever want to talk to me about the scene a second time :).
  Most people cannot understand why it's fun because they don't
  understand computers themselves.  You have to be at a point where
  you are deeply involved to begin to see what fun it is to Hack etc...

 Tell me a bit how it's to tell your parents that you aren't "spending
 too much time behind the computer, doing (to them anyways) nothing"?

- Hahahah  Anyone reading this article knows exactly what it's like
  (they're bugging me right now in fact)

 Does your parents understands what you're doing?

- Yes and no.  They know what I do, but I have them convinced that it's
  legal.

 Why do you think it's important for groups to release magazine's,
 news-letter, info-journals, etc?

- It keeps people informed.  That's about all they're good for.  A few
  stand out above the rest, but most look just like the next one.

 Which magazine are you considering as the best one avalibe today?

-  The only one I read on a regular basis is Phrack.

 Which magazine would you like to leave the scene?

- As I said above, I don't follow the magazine scene well enough to be
  familiar enough to know which ones suck, and which ones don't.

 Why do you run a VX bbs? What fun to you see with it?

- I don't really consider my board a VX BBS.  I see it more as an H/P
  board. I do have a large Virus section, but the main Focus of CoI
  Inc. Is Hacking Phreaking and Information.

 Do you fear getting 'busted' for illegal activity?

- Yes and No.  My fear is not constant, but when I fuck up or someone
  else in my area does, I get scared as hell.  One of the Net's I'm in
  recently got busted, so I have a few apprehensions, but it will most
  likely just blow over.

 Which virus-group(s) do you think is the best?

- I would have to say NuKE.  The reason being is simply because they
  have done so much.  The have made viruses almost mainstream to the
  point where people can no longer ignore them.

 What's your oppinion in using generators such as VCL, PS-MPC for making
 "own" viruses?

- I think it's lame unless you are just playing around.  If you can't
  program one you shouldn't try to make it look like you can.  I can't
  and I don't try to cover that up by using other people's code.

  Umm!.. And what about using Polymorphic engines?

- Once again, I Don't LIKE it, but in this case it's not so bad.
  Part of the code would be yous, and you are just getting help
  from another source as opposed to having it all done for you.

 What do you think about board-crashing?

- I think it sucks.  Even if a board is as lame as can be, to destroy
  an individual's hard work (Running a board IS hard work) just sucks.
  I hadn't really thought much about until I started a board and now I
  can get the sysop's view of it all.  

 How would you describe the (lame, greedy and corrupt!) AV-community?

- I don't spend much time thinking about them, but I kind of have to
  admire them for cashing in on the Virus community.  They also help
  the Virus community along as well.  With their media hype of World
  War 7 started by a Virus Author, it gives a sort of Infamy to the
  Virus Community which is kinda fun.

 Which AV-program do you think it's the best? (why?)

- I dunno.  I don't use any :).  But when I do have a need for one,
  I usually choose F-Prot as it does all that I need, and it does it
  well.

 About the new laws coming up agains the programming of viruses, do
 you think that will help agains new infections?

- Hahha... No.  Laws will not stop any Underground movement.  Maybe one
  or two members will be lost, but many more will come.  Have laws ever
  stopped any other crime?  Not totally.

 Do you really think that the AV-persons would try to STOP the virus-
 writing from writing viruses, even if that would result in them being
 un-imployed?

- No.  I think that if the real Virus community ever ceased to exist the
  AV community would become a new Virus writing community in order to
  protect their jobs.

 Which "meaning" do you think that the virus-groups has for the future
 in the 'virus-scene'?

- Well the Virus groups in my opinion provide inspiration to up and
  coming virus writers, and they also provide somewhere to learn.
  I'm sure that many of the programmers out there learned by studying
  others' code and hacking it and eventually developing their own.
  In addition to that, Virus Groups provide a channel through which
  viruses can be distributed quickly and efficiently.

 Which virus-group/programmer do you look up to and why?

- Urnst Kouch- The guy is amazing.  He knows his stuff incredibly well
  and is always willing to answer your questions.  He writes a very
  nice newsletter (Crypt Newsletter) that comes out looking very nice
  each month. What more can I say?  He's a cool guy.

 Any advice for newcomer's in the scene?

- Be yourself.  If you were meant to be here, you will find your way.
  If you pose as someone else, you may get somewhere, but you will
  eventualy fall. If you need a place to start, look around your local
  area and there is bound to be someone willing to help.

 How is the best way to contact you?

- ATDT 1-818-447-2667

 Something more you wanna say, but never had the opportunity to say
 before?
                                 
-                                 TYBO

 Want to send any greetings?
 
- Special Greetings to the Monk for without him CoI would be Non-
  Existent.

  Greetings go out to:
  Hagbard Celine/Urnst Kouch/Tiphoid Mary/Dr. No/cjesus/Leisure
  Larry/fate Rezz/Lord of Acid/Tobic/All CoI Associates/Everyone
  I may have forgotten
