--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      INTERVIEW WITH THE WIZARD / THE WIZARD'S LAIR / IR SWEDISH HQ
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Give me a short description of who you are!

- Well, I guess I will put it real short then. ;-)
  I'm the sysop of The Wizards Lair (the board with all the aka's).
  And I guess I'm also a little part of Immortal Riot since I'm running
  as their HQ! I guess I also can say that my board is located in
  Swedens capital Stockholm!


 Why did you picked that alias, The Wizard? 

- Perhaps because wizards is probably the most negative pool of what
  I will ever be! Because I'm WAY to lazy to be called a wizard!
  But I guess I also choosed that handle because alot of friends of
  mine, those who doesn't know anything about computers, always keep
  calling me "wizard" on computers. 


 When did you discovored the world of computers?

- It was NOT "back in the good old C64-days". Nope. I first discovered
  computers in 1981. Back then IBM was marketing a new computer called
  PC (and I guess everybody out there knows about it). And one of my
  neighbours had had as a hobby making computers since the sixties.
  And when he bought his first PC I begged and nagged on my parents
  'till they bought me one as a birthday present. This was in the
  spring of 1982 and the computer was an IBM PC 4.77Mhz with a 8088
  processor and one 360Kb floppy diskdrive! Well time went on and I was
  pooking around with the PC to leanr what I could do with it. Then
  about a year later, in 1983, I got my hands on a harddisk, now this
  was great. The capacity was 5(!)Mb and I thought that I never could
  fill it up! Then, in the fall of 1985, I also got a modem from my
  neighbour and it was a manual RACAL-modem at the amazing speed of
  1200 baud! Now it was time to conquer the world!!


 How long have you been scene active, and how has it grown?
 (totally, and in the HVP scene)?

- I have been active in the "scene" since 1985. And back then there
  really wasn't any "scenes", every board had everything. And since
  everyone calling with computers mostly where big enthustiacs of
  computers and then also, of course, interested in everything about
  calling for free and how to crack and diskcopy games. Then in 1987-88
  something happend... A couple of boards started that only allowed
  commercial games and programs that were cracked. And with these
  boards several "cracking-groups" began to popup. Well... since the
  games where getting bigger and USR released their HST-standard, and
  I couldn't afford such a modem, I lost contact with the growing
  "scene". So I resigned to the PD/Programming-scene instead. Ofcourse
  I was still hooked up with a bit of hacking, but not as much as
  earlier. But then in 1991 I bought a USR HST 14400. Now I could call
  again. But now alot of things had happend. Many boards had opened
  and there were not only "cracking-groups" but also "courier-groups".
  And after that the "warez-scene" has just been going down the drain!
  Worst was it at some point in time when INC, which was the biggest
  group then, came up with the idea that only persons in "cracking-
  groups" were allowed to get all the new cracked games! But luckily
  no other groups hooked up on the idea. Well, this was my look at
  the "scene".

 How did you come into the "underground" scene?

- Hmm.. I guess that my last question answered that question. But WHY I
  came into the "underground" scene was because I was finding it
  exciting, fun and more interesting than the PD scene that was back
  then.

 What part of underground needs improvments (mainly Sweden!)

- I guess both the virii scene and the hacking/phreaking scene needs
  more people interested. And until I started my board it needed one.
  But now that I have started one I guess what's needed is more people
  interested in viruses and hacking/phreaking. Right now I guess that
  there are pretty many people in Sweden that are interested in
  viruses and calling for free but they are more like - Yeah! Gimme
  an CC and I will supply YOU!!! - Just the old 3LiT3-D00DZ to cut it
  short. But still there must be some people that doesn't call around,
  but are interested in viruses and hacking/phreaking... I hope they
  reads the mag and try to find the number. One important thing to
  remeber is: ASK AROUND! That's the best way to find the number to
  my board, because I don't advertise for it.

 Which groups have you been involved with?

- Since this isn't my original handle and since I don't want to give
  out my real handle at this moment. I'm afraid I can't tell you all
  what groups I've been involved with.  :-(

 How would you describe the underground scene today, comparing to
 one-two year(s) from now (mainly Swedish!)?

- If you go back just one year, then your at the break up of hacking
  and phreaking in Sweden. But if you go back two years, then your at
  the beginning of the end of the Tormentor era. And right now there
  is a new era in virii and H/P in Sweden that is growing. So I'm not
  sure whether it was better in the earlier days when the scene was
  about to break up. Because then, atleast, no one knew it was breaking
  up! But I still think it is better now, since we're looking at a new
  great era in undergroundcomputing that is growing in Sweden right now.


 How would you describe the Swedish underground comparing to the
 American?

- In the US everyone is let in a board. There are also ALOT of under-
  ground-boards. And some boards only allow H/P and some boards only
  allow viruses. That's the BIG differance between the US-scene and
  the Swe-scene. And also in Sweden the AV-guys think they are such
  hot-shots that they probably get a hard-on everytime they think
  they will caught a virus-board and gets able to report it to the
  police!

 Positive/negative aspects of the scene?

- I guess it's pretty good. One negative thing is that I just can't let
  anyone on my board as I'd like to, just because of all the AV-guys.
  This also puts another negative aspect since I can't put up my
  board's number everywhere since that would draw the attention to
  the AV-guys! I can only say I hate them!

 Which virus group do you personally consider as the one who have
 pushed up the scene most?

- I really don't know. I guess it's Phalcon/Skism or perhaps TridenT.
  But I really don't know since other groups like ARCV made alot of
  viruses. And also I don't think I'm the one to judge since I've
  missed alot of things when I'm not into programming viruses myself!

 What's your oppinion in using generators such as VCL, PS-MPC for
 making "own" viruses?

- I guess it's a way for the non-programmers to make "their own
  viruses". Perhaps they are nice to look at and to show what you
  can do. But since there really isn't any differance between the
  viruses made with them I think they are pretty worthless.

 And using polymorphic engine's like to make viruses harder to get
 rid off?

- That I think is better, much better than generators. Since engine's
  are not especially easy to include if you don't know how to program.
  And that's the key to the whole thing; If it's an easy thing to use
  and then it makes all those warez-guys to use it, and that's not
  good!

 How do you think a magazine should look in general?

- I'm not sure really... since I haven't read any magazines lately I'm
  not sure what I like... But earlier I know I hated those graphical
  magazines. Text-magz where much better. But also if the user-
  interface is bad in the magazine. Then the texts gets bad too! And
  in such cases I think it's better with just plain textfiles!

 Why do you think it is important for groups to release a magazine

- If they don't release files at all, then the people wont notice them,
  and whats the meaning to have a group if not to be noticed by someone,
  eh? And then we also have those who releases several hundred files in
  a short while. In such cases it might be better to gather them up in
  collections like magazines. So that people easy can get their hands
  on all the texts, and not only a couple of them.

 What do you think should be included in a magazine?

- It all depends... It all depends whether it's a local magazine, for
  local buddies. In such cases, perhaps a couple of interviews with
  local dudes could be nice. But one thing to remember is, no
  replicating! I mean whats the use of replicationg stuff? Ofcourse,
  if it's a local magazine I guess replicating "hard-to-find" texts
  could be good... But never in the long run!

 Which magazine do you think is the best one available today?

- I really don't know. But I know I like this mag, and I also like
  NuKE's Info-Journals... else I don't know really.

 Which magazine would you like to leave the scene?

- I really don't know, since I haven't had the time to read lots of
  magz lately. But I really do HATE all the persons that think their
  hot-shots and starts a mag. And then releases ONE issue and then
  just dissaperes right away again!

 Are you considering yourself as "criminal" while doing stuff like
 VX, phreaking, etc?

- Nope.. Why should I? I'm not doing anything wrong. I have my board
  mainly as an information-exchange... And hopefully my board wont go
  down because of that!

 Why do you run a Vx-bbs?

- Why!? - Because I worship all those little creatures running around
  the world, infecting different computers! Also, if you're into
  writing viruses, or if you're just as dedicated as me, then, by all
  means! CALL MY BOARD and help me starting some new interesting virus-
  discussions!

 What do you think about board-crashing?

- I can't say I love persons that are into board-crashing.. But
  sometimes it's the only thing to do to stop some PD-boards, or
  even worse.. AV-boards!

 How would you describe the (lame, greedy and corrupt!) AV-community?

- Well... I don't know really... But I guess that GREED is a good word
  to use to describe them, although... not strong enough. But else, I
  really don't care about them! I just laugh at all the crap that
  Winterkvist and his fagget-friends keep telling the press.

 About the new laws coming up sometime (31/6-94???), what do you think
 about that?

- I think it's weird and totally wrong! I mean, aren't you allowed to
  do what you want on your own computer?!? I consider programming as
  an art. And in such case aren't you allowed to paint whatever you
  like?! And how about the so-called 'freedom of speach' then? I can
  only say... SUCKERS!!

 Do you really think that the AV-persons would try to STOP the virus-
 programmers from writing viruses, even if that would result in them
 being unemployed"?

- Nope.. more on the way of helping virus-writers with new ideas and
  such.. and also I wouldn't be surprised if swedish AV-guys would want
  to by new viruses, and I'm sure that several other AV-guys, like
  McAffee and perhaps Fridrik Skulauson, buys new viruses or virus-
  sources.

 How do you look at the future for the virus-community?

- Hopefully the virusprogrammers will come up with a new and far better
  encryption, that would make todays scanners way to slow to use. I also
  hope that more people will become interested in virus-writing.
  Especially under new OS' like OS/2, NT and normal Windows. I also
  hope more people starts writing viruses under other OS' that are a
  little bit diffrent than DOS, like Unix or perhaps VMS. (Because it
  would be great to have a couple of viruses to use when you're out
  there hacking different companies!)

 Do you close your board if some twit (Winterkvist alike) writes "bad"
 articles, about you and your board?

- Well, at this moment, I'm pretty sure I wont quit. But you never know
  what I will do if the press gets to much involved. Perhaps I will
  only change the phonenumber and go down to a more secure way of
  working (ie. locking out all the persons I don't know to well!) But
  I'm pretty sure I wont shut the board down!

 Which "meaning" do you think that the virus-groups has for the future
 in the  virus-scene?

- I think it's much better if a virusprogrammer is hooked up with a
  group instead of working at his own. Because if you're in a group
  you have others to discuss with and to exchange ideas with. Ofcourse
  you can always call up a Vx and discuss things with others. But
  that's not the same thing!

 Any hints for newcomer's to the scene?

- Learn to program assembler! (Don't work with Pascal or such.. it's of
  no use!) Don't try acting a big shot using generators or by making
  viruses in C or PAS! Try checking out other virussources that's all
  the advices I can give You since I really isn't into virus-writing
  myself! ;-O (Much to lazy!)

 Which virus-group/programmer do you look up to and why?

- I don't know really... I still remeber the little blunder some weeks
  ago... when I chatted with a TridenT member and asked, seriosly, if
  they were any good! Gee... I must have had a complete blackout then!
  (Because I already knew that they made TPE!) But, else I don't know
  whom to look up at.. but now that I've heard some more about the old-
  timers in ARCV, I guess I look up to them a little bit too!

 How is the best way to contact you?

- By calling my board! That's the absolute best way to contact me. But
  you can always try to reach me through any Immortal Riot member I
  guess... Just tell 'em what you want and, hopefully, they will pass
  it through to me! ;-)

 Do you think it's sick and a bad idea to include interview's with
 our "associates" when you risk to be called a "terrorist". Member
 of IRA (Immortal Riot Associates)?

- HAHA!... No, I don't think so. Although that Winterkvist and perhaps
  some other AV-guys would like to bust my ass I don't think I have
  anything to worry about. 

 Something more you wanna say, but never had the opportunity to say
 before?

- Naah! Don't think so.. My REAL thoughts aren't worth writing down in
  this little magazine! ;-)

 Want to send any greetings?

- Well I guess I can send some... (in no particullary order:)

 Mr Magic  - Man, You're great hope that You will stay cool and not
             party too much in the future even if You broke it with
             Your girl!

 Himzo     - Hope You will keep Your job... So that I can continue to
             recieve new numbers and codes to diffrent companies!

 The Flash - I just wants to say: Thanks Man! For helping me out with
             my board! And, hopefully, it will work better now that
             I've got a new modem.

 The Unforgiven - Thanks for complaining so much at me! So I learn that
                  I'm not GOD or something like that! ;-)

 The Knight of Darkness - Gee! I HATE that long name of Yours! ;-) I
                          think I will start calling You: Knighty! or
                          perhaps Darky! ;-) Well, I hope SDCNET will
                          get better, and that more people start writing
                          more letters!

  Also, a BIG greet to ALL the dudes in Immortal Riot. Thanks for a
  great mag! And perhaps, in the next issue, I will contribute with
  some stuff too!!! (And I can only hope that there will be a next
  issue!!!)

  And now a BIG question that goes out to all Scandinavians! Where are
  You!?! Aren't there *ANY* H/P/V-dudes in Finland for example... I
  know it's hard time calling out in Norway right now with all the
  busts BUT if You get the chance, try calling my board and let's see
  if we can join You guys in on SDCNET! SunDevilsNet - The Scandinavian
  NET!

  And also a word for virus-writers all over the world. Keep on writing
  viruses. And if You like too; please call my board and upload them!!
  (Now with a fully working modem and a brand new harddisk to fill!)

  And last, but not least... A BIG thanks too everyone out there that's
  helping me to piss off AT&T and other phonecompanies!
