		             GREETINGS
			     =========

                
		    Personal greetings goes to..                   


  Macaroni Ted - Making cool stuffs..and sick names..who really renames
		 yourself from Cruel Entity to M.T :)?. CC 1.00 & MLP
		 are great! Great interview! Good publicity or what? 

  Jaywalker    - A true Swede! You guys are cool!..So..ain't you
		 releasing something soon? Try with some more
		 backups, and you might rescue a bit next time ;)..

  Annihilator  - So..thanks for all contributions to our mag ;)
		 Keep up the faith, and we might get a virus-
		 scene here in Sweden..Rise once more Sweden!

  Raver	       - For simly joining Immortal Riot, and doing
		 a hell of a good job here! The Magazine code
		 is awesome. Start along with some viruses too!

  Scavenger    - Shall we clean up Sweden from all the moly asses?
		 Anyway, thank you for all moral support and for
		 bein such a cool partying doode! Power to you!

  Sublife      - Hello and welcome into the team! Know you joined
		 us in the very last minute, and couldn't do anything
	         for the magazine. You'll have to work for the third :)

  The Sarge    - For making our issue much more good looki'n..          
		 I really am looking forward to get a copy of
		 Rebels/PC "SargeWars" demo..yeah, keep it up!

  Wico	       - Ahh..you shouldn't have closed your board! 
		 You're really a sick person, Thanks for the
		 the boring interview, and for all great art!

  Mr.x	       - Havn't seen your Room 212 back on its feet?!
		 Get a cool PC, and burn your Amiga, put up your
		 bbs again, and give us some AT&T cards!...

  B-Real       - Your lazy little fucking asshole <kidding!>,
		 do work harder, and give me no half-finished
		 vga next time, right?..Arbeit macht frei!...

  Dark Avenger - Legends will never die..cuz some things lives forever!
		 I think you always will have the reputation of being
		 the "No.1" computer virus coder..Cool right huh?..

  Dark Angel   - Living legend..so..live now..die later..continue
		 with your 40HEX! It's really something special..
		 Awesome work with Gý and PS-MPC..Continue!

  Nowhere Man  - The VCL will always be around, and I've heard, that
		 Rock Steady have continued with your great work with
		 the lab? Now supporting TSR/STEALTH/ETC, right huh? 

  Apache Warrior - Are ARCV going to continue someday?..Never had the
		   pleasure to talk with you...Well, anyway, always look
		   at the bright side of live..Coke and coding forever !

  Freaking Dooz  - See..we did it without any of your routines this time!
		   I admit that the first issue wasn't the best around,
		   But! How about this one..Catch ya up someday mate!..

  Maria Karlsson - You are my only inspiration, my unlimited source, my
		   heart disease, and my wet hallucination...Do continue       
		   the great work with Ellie, Sara and the rest..Breaking
		   my heart fall compleatly apart..No guilts on you huh?!

  John Mcafee    - You're cool, to bad that Scan is _that_ easy to fool.
		   Have fun making new "strings" to our new viruses. The
		   viruses are reborn, so keep up the hard work! AMF!

  Patti Hoffman  - VSUM is full of rubbish and other annoying things. 
		   Try to correct these problems, and VSUM will be one
		   one of the better "AV" products availbe! Continue!


		       Group Greetings flies out to..


  ANOI        - Attack wasn't that pleased with your correspondent,
	        but who really cares about those lamers!..heh, don't 
	        loose the faith, cuz Sweden will rise again!!

  DY          - You surely fucked around with the AV-asses for a 
		while, just to bad that you leaved the scene, or
		well atleast in Sweden... Dreamer say HEIL IR!!!

  PHALCON/SKISM  - 40HEX surely is a cool 'magazine'.. Continue with all
		   the great work!! Well, hope you don't mind if we'll
		   hack some of yours viruses..Always a beginning huh?

  NUKE	       - To bad your infojournal hasn't reached Sweden (..yet..)
		 I would have enjoyed your journals, seven (?) released.
		 Anyway..Got the two first..not bad!...(lie!)..continue!

  TRIDENT      - Cool group! Netherlands right huh? Haven't seen your
		 mutation engine around..But I guess it's just as cool
		 your viruses!..We'll make a civil war! <..hehe..> 

  YAM	       - Started at the bottom..heading for the top ?..
		 Anyway..awesome name fellas! Join the riot against
		 the Insane Reality we're living in..that's it!..

  RABID	       - Did you ever released Censor more than once? Anyway,
		 I am really looking forward to read your book!...
		 Been around for years now, and many mores to come?

  ARCV         - To bad you had to leave the scene..coming back again?..
		 Remember, Phreaking is not good for your health..
		 But what the heck..you only live once..huh?
 
  BAD 	       - Reading your magazine is surely a good waste of time!
		 Do include some viruses in it, and it will certainly
		 be one of the better avalible..

  PSY 	       - Great magazine! Great poems! Great art! Continue
		 with what you're doing..A quality text magazine!   
		 Show the demo-phreaks that no-VGA is needed!..or?

  IMPHOBIA     - Okey..great demomag..The 6:th issue was something
	         over the ordinary..continue with all good job!
		 Get a site in Sweden with a non-HST modem!..

  MAGIC 12     - Your Top Secret #14 (PC) was awesome! Shit, you had
		 so fucking many stuffs included so I think you kicked
		 every PC-mag! Congratulations! Continue on the PC!

  FUTURE CREW  - Okey..The World Charts/PC was cool, so was the	2:nd
		 reality (..cool name..) but why do you always have to
		 be the no.1 whatever it'll cost? Cheating ain't fair!

  REBELS/PC    - Will enjoy the great SargeWares demo..So..when are you
		 releasing your first production (am not counting "alive",
		 as a serious work)..Anyway..may the force be with you...

  ACID	       - Ansi Creators In Demand...You would fit much better with
		 "Art Creators In Demand"..Anyway, the best thing that 
		 happend to art as long I can remember..right huh ?...

  RIOT	       - Revolution in our time! Hehe..Sorry for 'ripping' your       
        	 group-name in some lousy virus-mutation..hehe..Anyway,
	         hope you don't mind our name..We started first, right eh?

  ICE	       - Surely giving ACID a hard game! One of the absolutely best
		 artist-group in our time! Continue with it. Well, we greeted
		 PSY there above..nothing more to say mates!..Over and out.

		       	        = THE UNFORGIVEN =