                    WHAT HAS HAPPENED SINCE ISSUE #1
     		    ================================
     
     In this article, I gonna tell you a bit about what have happened,
     with our little mag since we released our first issue of "Insane
     Reality". I really hope that you have looked at the first issue, 
     cuz we spend quite a hard time to finish it. Okey, I start with
     all differents about the magazine itself, and then I continue with
     group news and shit likes that..here we go..
     
     		         - NEW MAGAZINE CODE -
     		       
     First of all, the entire magazine code itself has been changed,
     and as I see it, to the better way. The first issue was written
     in TPascal6, while the second (and most likely the common ones
     too), are written in C. The magazine will now just need only one
     .exe file for working (not as the lasts one, who needed a .dat
     file for every single little shitty article). It also needed
     a .pic/.pal for every VGA included, which made the code huge. 
     If we includes to many VGA'S the program will not fit in memory,
     cuz one picture (320*200*256) takes 64000 bytes in memory, and
     well, you only got 640 Kb avalible. So, a .DAT file where the
     pictures are stored might be a good (necessary solution)..So,
     the code is much smaller than the first one, and the lister is
     much more fancier than the other one. The menu-system is changed,
     and the mouse-symbol is awesome cool! Well, enough about the new
     mag, just check it by your self..If you don't like the magazine
     code, I really feel sorry for you!
     
     		           - GREAT VGA -
     
     We have in this issue asked a great VGA-Artist if he could	do
     some nice artworks for us, and he accepted it, and started with
     some VGA'S. He's called The Sarge, and used to be in Fairlight
     nowadays, he's in Rebels/PC. He's now done 4-5 VGA'S for us, which
     I finds to be in real high	quality. I don't know if he is capable
     to draw as many pictures that I want him to, cuz he's right now
     working very hard with the GFX to a Rebels demo called SargeWars.
     Anyway, if he gets some spare time, he might continue with some
     drawing for us. We've also asked another person "B-Real" for a
     vga-logo, and well, he drawed a pretty nice one. I have done
     three pictures, and Wico (great artist), have drawn a hell of a
     logo! So..we got many VGA'S in this issue. Enjoy it hm..not.
     
     		            - IR BOARD -
     
     We looked a while for how we could get a Immortal Riot board.
     And after a time, we contacted WiCO, and well, he was just about
     to put up Inner Circle again. So the choice wasn't really too
     hard. Demoralized Youth was formed on Inner Circle. Note, we're
     not trying to be a new "DY". The reason of we chosed WiCO to be
     a IR sysop was that he really don't care if some lamers writes
     articles about him, and he just seems to enjoy bad publicity.
     Now when WiCO closed his board, we	contacted The Judge at his
     bbs (FireDoom Systems), and he accepted being some sort of HQ.
     For more info about this board, dial it up, and check it out! 
     
     	                    - NEW MEMBER -
     
     Immortal Riot has now expanded with a new member. He's called
     Raver, and a really nice guy. This Raver is the person who have
     done the magazine code for issue #2, and well, he haven't really
     done a virus yet, but he's getting	more and more interested in it.
     He is a great coder in the C-language and also coding very well
     in	assembler. He will probably later supply us with some scratch
     viruses he has written. But for the moment he's just interested
     in "ordinary" programs (booring;)). Hehe..nah, kidding..once more
     you'll have your interest in the real things! 
     
     		       	   - MORE VIRUSES -
     
     I have also started doing some virus-mutations, and well, I ain't
     no good in assembler, but hey! You gotta start somewhere. So for
     the moment, I've mutated six viruses, and more to come. The first
     virus I ever mutated was the 808 virus from P/S, but when I saw 
     that Metal Militia	also had played around with it, I couldn't 
     release my	version. I've also figured (smart as always;)), that
     a virus must have some sort of funny think in it. A funny thing 
     might be a "joke" as in CyberCide or the Yankee Doodle virus, 
     there a tune is being played. But it can also be a cruel "joke".
     A joke which fits in my sick brain is certainly some sort of
     dangerous joke, for example a hd trasher. In my version of Leprosy
     now called Raping Betrayals, I've for example added a sector over-
     writer. So, it's right now a little more destructive. But don't 
     blame me..The society is to blame..
     		
       		          = THE UNFORGIVEN =     