   			SWEDISH VIRUS HISTORY
   			=====================
   
   Umm.. I don't really know where to begin, but since DY was first as a 
   group, and made the second virus in Sweden (the first one was Swedish
   Disaster), i'll start with them i guess..
   
   What i have heard Tormentor started out with the TORMENTOR virus -  
   a hack of MURPHY - which sent lots of people's drives to never-never 
   land. About 400 reported infections in Sweden (and lots of nuked
   drives as well i guess). His first version however had a bug so it
   didn't went off, but the later 10 (?) version surely did :)) There
   was some real fighting on "SWE_VIR" in those days, when you also 
   think about his 1701 mutation aswell) I wasn't into this scene at 
   the time, so all i know is what i've heard from people that knew him.  
    
   After a while he started making viruses from scratch, like for example
   the 'CREEPING TORMENTOR' that nuked your drives if you typed in a
   special word, and he also made a small 'virus lesson' for people to
   learn how to make non-overwriting stuff, so i must say that he helped
   the Swedish scene up on it's	feet. Then other people in DY made viruses
   like YOUTH, PCBB, Silence of the lambs, and so on. DY had some nice
   connections like DiRE in Finland, and Charlie in Norway. I've also
   heard that a friend to Tormentor called Spider got good connections
   with diffrent virus-systems located in Bulgaria...
   
   DY (in Sweden) quitted with the destructive kind of programming for
   about one year ago from now, and I must say that the whole swedish
   virus scene broked up totally since the "bust" of all the VX bbs:es.
   (Look under Mikael Winterkvist).
   
   DY (Demoralized Youth), are still writing some viruses, but I can
   hardly say they're any group, since Tormentor, and all other coders
   in Sweden stopped with the virus coding when Tormentor quitted. A
   Dreamer in Norway (Hello Charlie?), have coded Bizarre (a RES/
   Polymophic/COM/SYS). And also the Hitler virus (a.k.a 'Dreamer') 
   A RES/COM/Size-Stealth virus. He still signs with the "DY". Some
   sort of a "one-man-crew".  
   
   Then there were some other groups around aswell, and they were named
   BETA BOYS and LINE NOISE.
   
   BETA BOYS had some connections in Finland, with a dude there named
   Firefly. They made some viruses like SWEDISH BOYS, (DEATH)-RATTLE,
   MEXICAN MUD and so on..(Read the interview with A.N.O.I). These
   viruses were very "OK", and now, when i have heard about all "mis-
   takes" with the BetaBoys viruses (VSUM), i dare to say that this group
   was a very active virus writing group. They have NOT hacked viruses
   like vienna, just because the infected files are marked with "seconds
   62". The VSUM-crap failed with un-encrypt some message in some virus 
   too, and some other "routines" were left out. This viruses written by
   The Beta Boys, was surely good... 
   
   LINE NOISE.. (the other virus "writing" group) ripped their names
   from the dude in INC, and the leader had ripped his handle too
   (MORBID ANGEL). What a creative brain they must have (:-)). They
   made some non-resident, over-writing *.COM "infectors", like BANANA
   (MINI-45 hack), MINI-45B (another MINI-45 hack), MINI-35 (YET another
   MINI-45 hack), DRUID (non-resident ow-crapp), BLOOD LUST (yet another
   non-res ow crapp). Their last virus (PRIME), was a non-ow .COM 
   infector, which didn't changed directory (gee, four more lines to add
   a "dot-dot", and you didn't managed that your lazy suckers). Shortly
   said nothing to scream hurray for..Morbid Angel surely had a great bbs
   (Swedish Virus Exchange), you could say that they (the board then:)),
   atleast pushed the scene up a bit.
   
   Now everything was fine until one special looser showed up, making
   money by dragging other people in the shit.. (guess who?) YES, the
   one and only..Mikael Winterkvist (SysOp on Computer Security Center,
   and reporter), he called around under the handle 'ESMOND DURY'. He
   said he was from Italy, and had nuked alot of systems, aswell as that
   he was wanted by the police there. The thruth you ask? Just as i said
   before.. only a reporter but a very well paid one, after selling his
   article to many of the Swedish newspapers. This way the scene went
   down for a long while. One person got away from the shit because of
   that his father was a reporter on another news-paper, and could have
   given MW some shit too if he'd started trouble with 'his boy'. This
   person was MORBID ANGEL / LINE NOISE, the sysop on Swedish Virus
   Exchange (A.K.A The Bermuda Triangle).
   
   Two new virusgroups has now started to make a new era, that's us, and
   ANOI (A New Order [Of] Intellegence). They have released two viruses 
   until date, both resident, *.COM infectors on a "DIR". One named 
   'CYBERCIDE' and the other 'MY LITTLE PONY'. Both are aswell "stealth-
   sizer's" disinfectors on the file when it's opened (for exampled 
   "scanned" with Mcafee). They're not encrypted since there were no
   need to encrypt a file when the virus will un-infect the file when
   it's opened. Encryption routines are also very easy to set a "string" 
   to, since they're very "personally". The viruses they've coded have
   pretty similar effects, but they're still both coded out from scratch,
   which means, My Little Pony are NOT a hack or modification on Cyber-
   Cide. 
   
   OK, now you know this.. but how did WE started you ask? Oh, well..
   here we go again.. (very short, but anyhow..)
   					       
   I had been in the business for a short period (« a year or something),
   and made some viruses out of others scraps when i met the other leader,
   known as The Unforgiven. He was totally new in the modem-world, but was
   a fine young man, with great ambition, plans, and hope, so i chosed to
   join up with him. We thought of a name for a while, and he came up with
   the name we still have now.. 'IMMORTAL RIOT', which perhaps give you a
   slight idea of what we're up to (mega-smile!) Then we made some muta-
   tions, and released a magazine. In that we DIDN'T had any H/P/A and so
   on.. just pure virus style. And as some of the larger groups says, it's
   at least better to learn one thing than to go around talking shit about
   being an phreaker just for having some AT&T's in it or something, right?
   This article will probably end up in our second issue, so we're still
   kind of new, anyways..
   
   I then got my hands of a letter in VL-ISSUE, which said that C.T.H 
   (Chalmers - The famoust Technologic School located in Gothenburg) had
   had been infected by a polymorphic, resident, bootsector, COM/EXE/SYS
   virus.. and the one that had to fix the computers was almost about to
   start crying.. then when he sent it to Dr. Salomon and Mcafee. It was
    a non-resident, *.COM and *.EXE infector, didn't even change library.
   HAHA, what a jerk, didn't even check things up first.. oh, well.. if 
   the world's like that.. it will be easy to get famouse (mega-smile!)
   Anyhow, i hope you enjoy this magazine, and have a nice day..
   
   		     	      = METAL MILITIA =