                        SWEDISH VIRUS FUTURE
    		        ====================
    
    In this text I gonna tell you my thoughts about the future for
    viruses here in Sweden. Well, I don't expect everybody do share
    the same thoughts as I,this is just my sick mind in hard pro-
    duction..
    
    Okey..First of all, we only got two active virus writing groups
    here in Sweden. Since DY or Demoralized Youth now are completely
    retired. It's ANOI and of-cuz Immortal Riot..<..hehe..>
    
    DY was absolutely the most active virus writing group here in
    Sweden for a long time. And I don't expect any other group to be
    so famous as they were. I've read articles about DY in every decent
    newspaper, in many computermagazines, and even in porno-mags.
    (Or..hehe..heard some rumors about that last thing then:))
    ..Well, we had some other swedish virus writing groups, for
    example Beta-Boys, Line Noise etc. And also some independent virus
    coders, but anyway, for more information about the past read Metal
    Militia's article about that.
    
    I think we in the a soon future will have a itty bitty tiny little
    virus-scene here. This is of the simple reasons of we're in
    business (...NOT!..)..hehe..nah! actually kidding! Okey, for
    talking seriously, it's of the reasons that more viruses are
    programmed, mutated, released and hacked from here. 
    
    We got ANOI, who are writing good resident viruses out from
    scratch. We (Immortal Riot) are getting better too.. Metal Militia
    has started doing resident scratch viruses (..And not then over-
    writing ones..) He's right now working on a RES .COM/.EXE with
    that FAT-routine which will be like the one in the Predator#2
    virus written by Priest of Phalcon/Skism. We'll see when he will
    finish that..But then, watch out :)!
    
    Then Raver might also start doing some viruses, he knows the
    assembly language quite OK, so there'll probably not be that hard
    for him. He is just a bit lazy with virus-coding. (..To bad for
    us..). But I really understands him, his studies is really a big
    pain in the ass! Puh..I would never stand it! Then we got me, I'm
    just fooling around with Mcafee and Alan a bit, not any active
    coder, don't expect to much from me in the virus scene in the
    nearest..feeling kinda lazy..
    
    More viruses are released from here, not just new-mutated viruses.
    Many old ones are also hitting our boards. All this because we have
    got some virus boards up again. Wico was the only board here who got
    viruses for new-users. And The Judge virus conference will probably
    give some inspiration to some other sysops over the country...
    (I hope anyway)..
    
    Many new sources has also been released lately, myself will probably
    post all our new mutations in .ASM on the FIDO-NET. I don't do this
    for just showing up "Look, I am able to hack, or mutate a virus so
    scan can't catch it". Nah!..that's not the reason! Who can't fool
    Mcaffe's Scan?..A turtle?!..Well, a turtle might fail with that
    yes!..<hehe>. The reason of releasing sources for free is to show
    the crowd how easy it really is to fool the common virus-scanners.
    I can't say it's _THAT_ easy to cheat F-prot/TBScan, (never tried),
    but the most common scanners are still Scan and Salomon. B-cuz
    of that simple reasons that they're being released so often!
    
    Now when people are getting viruses, they might get some interest
    in the subject, they might start writing their own, or mutate or
    hack old ones. I don't agree with many virus-groups, who are feeling
    embarrased to release a hacked or just modified virus, I think it's
    good! But if the "new" (..most groups who are hacking viruses are
    new in the virus-scene..) group claims that they did it all from
    scratch, it's lame! I think that if you are borrowing any routine
    from another group, or virus, you MUST credit them!! In _ALL_ our
    mutations we've credited or greeted the scratch coder of it, and
    we'll continue with that (anyhow as long we are hacking/mutating
    viruses).
    
    The quality of the viruses nowdays might not be the best, or
    atleast the viruses I bring you ain't very good. Just simple
    mutations or hacks, don't know where the limit between a hack or
    mutation is being drawn?.. Well..what can I say to my defence?..Humm..
    that's a hard one! I am not able to do a res/com/exe/sys/bsv out from
    scratch, and I have never claimed myself to be an assembly phreak,
    but anyhow, I'm trying my best to bring you viruses! I hope you don't
    mind if you see a mutation of some of your viruses here.
    
    The future will be full of hack, mutations, and simple viruses such
    as overwriting ones. That's a fact we just have to live with! (:-))..
    
    Then we got all this US-groups, for example PHALCON/SKISM, and
    NUKE, They're really doing great viruses. And if we could get the
    traders with lots of AT&T's a little more interest in virus-"trading"
    (Gack, hate to say "trading" with viruses)..We might get the latest
    40HEX, the latest .ASM, the latest hints, and the latest routines
    coming right away from the states. So releasing a virus or two lame
    as cool, might have one bright side afterall. This is one of many
    reasons of we're releasing viruses to the major public. 
    
    Then we got all the independent coders. We ain't got _THAT_ many
    virus coders here, but take Bulgaria as an example! They don't got
    any virus-groups, but they're still the (?) best in virus coding.
    Not just the famous Dark Avenger are writing quality viruses there.
    I hope all independent virus coders will release their viruses here
    too, it's NOT illegal nor is it demoralized! It's just FUN! I know
    MANY demo-coders who've written QUALITY viruses here (NO NAMES),
    but they just don't release them! They think, Ohh!..So, it wasn't
    any harder to create a Parasite Resident COM/EXE/BSV infector,
    including many routines, for example fat-curruption hide in memory,
    trick _ALL_ scanners avalible, etc etc.. This is sick! Goddamnit
    release them! It's not hard to use two aliases (I'm:)) So..all
    independent virus-coders, spread your viruses to the crowd! Spread
    the .ASM on CDN/FIDO and the rest of the "pd" NETs! Show the folks,
    what you've written! Don't prove just to yourself! Let the other
    poeple also know what an "Your 2:nd Handle" are capable too! 
    
    So..you might not share the same thoughts or what-ever I've written
    here, but afterall, I am only a genius (:-)). Ain't no gypsy, so
    the future might be something else (Winterkvrist, do NOT, I repete,
    do NOT dare to destroy anything what we've (or will), build!).
    That's all..enjoy!
    
    		          = THE UNFORGiVEN =    