
 From "The Sunday Mail", page 53, October 15, 1995.


 Secrets of the
          V I R U S  by Phil Waga in New York
          H O U S E

  The gleaming glass office building doesn't 
  look at all ominous, but it holds plagues 
  which could easily torment computers around 
  the world.

  The viral booty - mountains of floppy diskettes with more than 6000
  computer viruses - is carefully safeguarded.


  A padlocked steel bar runs from the top to the bottom of the cabinet
  holding the disks.  And the cabinet is tucked into a locked laboratory
  protected by, among other features its caretakers are reluctant to discuss,
  infrared motion detectors.

  "I'd be rather unhappy if any of this got out," Steve White, the laboratory's
  senior manager, said in his usual understated manner.

  He'd actually be than rather unhappy because the laboratory operated by IBM
  as part of it's Thomas J. Watson Research Centre, has one of the biggest
  collections of computer viruses in the world - killer viruses which can
  drain computers of every ounce of information - and benign viruses which
  just harass users.

  The viruses, regardless of what they do, are becoming an increasing problem
  at home and at work.

  The "creatures" receiving all the attention are tiny programs written
  deliberately to hide out in legitimate applications and then move
  covertly from one computer to another.

  While even the most costly anti-virus software usually costs less than
  $US150 (about $A195), researchers say virus writers are becoming an
  increasingly sophisticated bunch.

  IBM's array of more than 6000 viruses is in sharp contrast to that of less
  than a decade ago when fewer than half a dozen harmless viruses existed.

  Today, hackers committed to either wreaking havoc or merely flirting with
  computer users are creating three to five new viruses a day.

  Viruses have appeared on every continent, striking millions of PC users and
  tens of thousands of businesses.

  The August debut of Microsoft's Windows 95 operating system for desktop
  computers was quickly followed by a virus aimed at the program.  The new
  virus is relatively harmless, limiting itself largely to flashing the
  numeral "1" on the computer screen.  The virus can also make it more
  difficult to save documents.

  Users who examine the virus more closely are greeted by the message: "That's
  enough to prove my point".

  Reseachers also make the point that viruses of all types are of the fast
  lane of the superhighway.  Strains multiply as more computer users trade
  disks and join computer networks.

  Even corporate networks and electronic mail provide fertile breeding grounds
  "Everyone talks about computer viruses and agrees that they're a problem,"
  said John Mann, an analyst at the Yankee Group, a market research firm in
  Boston.

  "But they're going to be a much bigger problem down the line - and not far
  down the line."

  To try to interrupt that line, IBM unveiled its latest virus-buster in July
  - IBM AntiVirus.

  With different versions available to single users for US$49 (about $A63) and
  businesses for varying costs, the software is said to be able to detect
  and eradicate just about every virus known to researchers.

  But the program also takes a leap forward by scanning a computer's memory
  hard-disk and floppy drives for new breeds of viruses for changeable
  characteristics which can avoid detection by other anti-virus software.

  IBM's software also attempts to detect as-yet unknown viruses by scanning
  systems for appearances and behaviours characteristic of viruses.

  The war between virus fighters and virus writers is intense because research
  indicates that american companies lost at least US$100 million ($A131 million)
  last year from viruses which brought down systems and destroyed data.

  Striking across the board viruses hit Merriam-Webster, which had to recall
  copies of computer programs featuring its dictionaries, to the Canadian
  Government, which had to recall disks outlining its budget.

  For all the damage viruses have done, there's little information on the
  authors.

  Steve White said the prevailing theory was that virus writers were young
  - many even teenagers - and they didn't number more than several hundred.

  "They think it's cool to create a virus and show what they can do," he said.
  And tracing an infected disk is close to impossible.  It's like getting the
  flu and trying to figure out how you got it"

  Trying to figure out how to battle viruses has become a major industry, with
  hundreds of tiny companies issuing anti-virus programs, and some two dozen
  large firms controlling much of the market.

  Analysts agree that the big three, all based in california, are McAfee
  Associates Inc and Symantec Corp., which specialise in anti-virus work,
  and chip-maker Intel Corp.

  IBM, which issued its first anti-virus program in 1986, is in the top
  dozen, analysts said.

  But they added that IBM's potential was vast because of its positive name
  recognition with desktop users, its deep reach into large corporations,
  its reputation as a computer powerhouse and its widespread, high-priced
  research operation.

  "Just because its IBM - and also because its done very good anti-virus
  work - IBM is already a player and quickly becoming a much bigger player,"
  said Kurt Schlegel, an analyst with the META Group market research
  company.

  IBM customers say its overall anti-virus offerings, as well as its July
  release, detect and erase more viruses than competing products.

  At Duke Power, a utility serving 1.7 million customers in North and South
  Carolina, computer security chief Jim Appleyard said 8000 office PCs had
  been using IBM anti-virus products for two years.

  "Before that, everyone had one anti-virus program or another, and nothing
  worked very well," he said.

  At US trust, a New York based bank with trust fund holdings, security
  specialist Ralph Langham said the company averaged 15 infected computers
  per virus before becoming an IBM antivirus customer.  The IBM products
  helped detect viruses when they were still limited to infected disks
  and had not yet spread to PC's he pointed out.

  So among the 1000 PCs now using IBM antivirus software, the infection rate
  was now less than one machine per virus incident.

  IBM and other large virus fighters are working on the next frontier in
  the virus world - an immune strategy for eradicating viruses.

  Researchers hope the new system, different from existing software which relies
  largely on fighting known viruses, will be available in about two years.

  Based loosley on the science of the human biological immune system, the
  new work calls for creating technology which identifies unknown programs
  or changes in computer systems and then launches decoy programs.

  The presence of a virus would be confirmed if decoy programs were infected
  and the virus-buster would then erase the offending program.

  "It won't mean the absolute end of viruses, but it will go a long way
  to ending many of them," said Jeffrey Kephart, an IBM scientist leading the
  immune-technology research.

  Mr Kephart, 37, is one of 20 researchers and developers who work in the
  anti-virus laboratory, formally called the High Integrity Computing
  Laboratory, a low-slung rectangular room encircled by PC's.

  Each unit operates on an isolated system and new viruses are allowed to
  run rampant in a system while researchers study its characteristics and
  how to destroy it.

  Simple letters signs on the consoles state if a system is "infected" or
  "clean".

  One of the top virus fighters is David Chess who, with a beard, sandals,
  T-shirt and an overall dishevelled appearance, looks more like he'd be
  creating viruses than battling them.

  But Mr Chess, 35, is a 14-year IBM veteran.

  With little prying, he'll volunteer that most viruses are meant to do
  nothing more than exhibit a hackers weird sense of humour.  Viruses
  cause PC's to play Mozart pieces, or freeze units on Sundays to order
  workaholics to leave their desks.

  "Cansu", a common virus, displays a V-shaped symbol on screens when 
  computers are switched on.

  "Viruses aren't potentially very destructive, but they get into places where
  they don't belong," Mr Chess said.

  And no matter what advances virus fighters made, virus writers would not
  be left behind, he added.

  "There'll continue to be sort of an arms race between people who work to
  develop viruses and people who work to end them," he said.

  - USA Today/Gannet News Service


