
    Aims and Policies
    +---------------+

    I guess it's not our aim, but one of our main policies is that we
    don't release any destructive code.  Some people out there will
    argue that a virus in any shape or form is destructive.. what I'm
    talking about is purposeful destruction such as formatting people's
    hard drives, writing random sectors etc.  The reason for this is
    that it makes things bad for everyone.  It helps further the theory
    that all virus authors are nerdy assholes who have nothing better
    to do, and kinda destroys a computer from which the virus could've
    spread to many other machines.

    The reason we publish this magazine, is because we have something
    to offer that could be of use to others.  We hope to educate people
    on how viruses work, and do this by giving examples.  There are
    people out there that might have fun inserting their own nick in
    the virus and spreading it to try and be eleet, but I'd say a
    majority of people actually get something useful out of our mag.
    Anti Virus research is totally legal as far as I know, and our
    magazine would certainly help someone who's in this field.  Or
    on the other hand it could be used by a beginning virus author
    who needs help to get their virus off the ground.  Information is
    a free commodity, we're just passing it along.

    As to the regularity of release, well basically when we have enough
    articles/viruses for an issue, it will be released.  There is no
    set time period between each release.

    Of course we as VLAD are after recognition, not so much so that
    we'll send our code to VSUM but the spread of our magazine should
    raise the reputation.  What I hoped from the start has kinda come
    true, I've had many people asking me when the next issue is out,
    and people making conversation about our releases.  Things are
    definately getting better each release, and hopefully I can keep
    them that way ;).

    Metabolis/VLAD

