
    Introduction
    +----------+

    As usual, much shit has happened since the last issue.  What can
    I say.. times change.  The scene seems to have slowed, and coders
    are coming up against dead ends.  Of course, vlad is still here
    and will be for quite some time yet.  So don't be expecting a
    fadeout from us.

    So much has happened, yet I find it hard to describe it all.
    The member list has changed somewhat.  Quantum realised that
    coders never die and rejoined.  A couple of people joined and
    left for various reasons, we gained a new member in Coke and
    me, Automag, Antigen and Rhincewind decided to leave.

    The commitment proved to be a little too much for me.  Automag's
    life decided to get busy, Antigen and Rhincewind got caught up a
    little in group politics and decided to leave too.  As you can
    see by this issue, the remaining people will continue to bring
    you peace, love and the vlad way.

    As of next issue Qark will be heading the group and most probably
    writing the introduction.  I might make a guest appearance or
    two, who knows.  I'll be off sorting my education and life out,
    IRC was one mean habit to kick.  Things will get better.

    There are rumours of a YAM comeback sometime in the near future.
    In the next issue (if anyone responds) there's going to be a new
    feature in the magazine.  If you can find a bug in any of the vlad
    viruses (that no one else has found yet) you'll get your name
    in a little box and some space for greets or whatever you like.

    I'm trying to think of something else to say about what's going
    on around the place, but not much is coming to me.  McAfee still
    sucks and Bill Gates still makes money.  Finally, we infected
    win95 and thus continuing the tradition that "anything Microsoft
    writes, we can infect it".

    Well, short and sweet I guess.  It's damn hot here and
    Quantum keeps bitching at me to get things done.  To all
    my loyal fans out there, peace (hehe shya).  This is only
    the beginning.

    Metabolis.

