
 Taiwan Interviews
 +---------------+

 Just after vlad#3 was released I interviewed the two Taiwanese virus
 authors I know, Dark Slayer and Slash Wu.  I thought it would be
 interesting to hear what it was like from each of them and compare
 the results.  It certainly is interesting to read them.  There are a
 few discrepencies between the two but in general I'd say they don't
 hate each other too much :).  Anyway, without further ado.. here's
 the interviews.

 Dark Slayer Interview
 +-------------------+

 Meta: What made you choose the name Dark Slayer?
 Dark: After reading an article called 'Introducing Dark Avanger
       and Dark Angel' on magazine, I realize that I need a cool
       name like theirs. When I was thinking and listening the
       Slayer's CD ( a Metal Band ), suddently I found 'Slayer '
       cool enough. That's why I called ' Dark Slayer '.

 Meta: Could you give us a short description of yourself?
       (age, hobbies, study/work etc)
 Dark: I am a 19 years old boy. I like swimming, playing basketball,
       listening Heavy Metal, playing Computer, reading novel and so
       on. I am a college student and my major course is electrical
       engineer. I live in dorm. Although I called 'Dark Slayer' but
       I never write any destructive virus. To me, writing virus is
       just for research and fun.  

 Meta: How many years have you been coding ASM?
 Dark: About 3 years.

 Meta: Do you know any other languages?
 Dark: Yes! I can write C, Basic and 8048 micro-assembly.


 Meta: What have you written so far?
 Dark: I only wrote about 10-15 viruses so for. They are MacGyver
       ( 1.0a, 1.0b, 2.0, 2.2, 3.0, 4.0 ), Connie I/II, Ray Gong
       ( This is the only boot virus I wrote), New 512 ( or DS-512 ),
       Skid-Row ( version A, B, C; C version can infect files via
       directly HD I/O ), Assassin ( first version and BugFixed 
       version) and two engine ( DSME v1.0, DSCE v1.0 ). The other
       virii for testing purpose are unnamed.

 Meta: What made you write these programs?  (also what made you learn
       assembly?)
 Dark: The reason made me to write virus is: I love to fool others.
       I bought a book called 'Introduce to Assembly' and started
       to study it.
       Finally I wrote my first virus, an over-written virus. When
       I studied more and more technique, I was attracted in writing
       virus. Writing virus has so many tricks like polymorphic,
       hidden, compress/decompress and so on ( ex: DIR-2, 512,
       Phoenix... ) that I can't ask myself stop writing.

 Meta: How is the virus scene in Taiwan?
 Dark: In fact, virus writers in Taiwan are not so many than you
       though.  We don't like you guys (espically guys in U.S.)
       have many free time for writing virus. We have thousands of
       homework to study. :(
       In Taiwan, AV writers are as many as virii writers, but most
       of their products like shit.

 Meta: Have you ever been involved in any groups?
 Dark: I had organized a group once. My group didn't have so many
       virus writer.  This caused my group smaller and smaller. :(
       I am the only one in this group.

 Meta: Are there any virus laws in Taiwan?
 Dark: I'm not familier with law, but I heard there are some law
       about virus writing. By now, I haven't heard any one busted.

 Meta: Do you spread your own programs?
 Dark: I put my virus into some shareware/pd espically anti-virus
       program and then I upload the file to BBS. This will cause
       my virii spread soon. Most of my virii will infect one executable
       file when you are using it.

 Meta: Who is your favourite virus coder?
 Dark: I like Dark Avenger. When I began to study virus , he is my aim.
       Espically his Mutation Engine, it really cool.

 Meta: Do viruses travel fast in Taiwan?
 Dark: Viruses spread so soon 'cause Taiwan is a small island. :)

 Meta: Which anti-virus product do you think is the best?
 Dark: I think TBAV is so not bad although its holes are so many.
       Many people don't like it, but I think it really good.

 Meta: Are there any greets you want to give, or anything else
       you want to say?
 Dark: I don't like Slash Wu. ( He is a virus writer in Taiwan. )
       This guy In fact, his stuff are not technique enough. You
       can say that GPE 1.0 is copied from DSME 1.0 . He always
       said how good his virii is and how suck my stuff is. Sometimes
       he act just like a AV writet and let you though he is a good guy.

       Greets to:
       Metabolis: Your VLAD is really cool. I like it and I'm looking
                  forward to your windows virus!!!
       Priest: You always have so many cool idea, and I'll make DSCE better.
       Qark: I like your virii and I hope your virii will be better.
       Dark Angel: It's my pleasure to see you on irc. I like your DAME.
       Garbage Heap: It's so nice to chat with you on irc. 40hex is good
                     sutff.
       King Dan: Thanks for your help on IRC.
       Lookout: Hi, camry wanted me to say hello to you. Right now he
                is busy on his master's exam.
       Dark Avenger: I would like to thank you for your cool idea -
                     Mutation Engine.
       Nowhere Man: Although I haven't seen you, but I knew you for
                    a long time.
       P/S group: I wish I could organize a group like yours. Your viruses
                  are all cool.
       NuKe group: When the NuKe infoJournal 9 will be released?
       TPE group: I love your TPE :)
       and greets to all virus writer, Good Luck!!!

 Slash Wu Interview
 +----------------+

 Meta: What made you choose the name Slash Wu?
 Slash: I love Heavy Metal, especially Guns N' Roses, and the guitarist
        Slash is my idol, so I choose "Slash" as my name, and "Wu" is my
        last name, I like it, that's all!
 
 Meta: Could you give us a short description of yourself?
       (age, hobbies, study/work etc)
 Slash: I was born on XX/XX/74 (a 20 year-old boy, single). I live in
        Taipei Taiwan.  I love music, playing E-guitar, Asm, and pingpong,
        etc... I'm a 5-year junior college student (I think I'll attend
        the university, Bless Me!).

 Meta: How many years have you been coding ASM?
 Slash: I've been coding ASM since I was a 17 year-old boy. It's been
        about three years...

 Meta: Do you know any other languages?
 Slash: Yeah, I can also use C, C++, V-Basic, & so on...
        But ASSEMBLY is still my favorite.
 
 Meta: What have you written so far?
 Slash: 1. Computer Rubber v1.00, v1.01 ['92/9]
        2. Super Virus - I (for research) ['93/x]
        3. Guns N' Roses Polymorphic Engine v1.00 ['94/2], v2.00 ['94/5]
        4. Phantasie Mutation Engine v1.00 (the latest product) ['95/1]
    
 Meta: What made you write these programs?  (also what made you learn
       assembly?)
 Slash: I was attracted to virus since 1992. At that time, I realized
        that I must learn ASM first before I could understand virus.
        And so, I started to learn ASM. Later, I traced the first
        --- Black Friday. Then I took interest in MtE, and wrote GPE
        and the following PME...
 
 Meta: How is the virus scene in Taiwan?
 Slash: There are many new groups came out, but their experience is
        not enough... so their product is ...!@#$%... Yet, Dark Slayer
        is good.
 
 Meta: Have you ever been involved in any groups?
 Slash: Nope, I have never been involved in any groups, only myself.
 
 Meta: Are there any virus laws in Taiwan?
 Slash: Nope, I have never heard of such a specific legislation in Taiwan.
 
 Meta: Do you spread your own programs?
 Slash: Nope, I only do some research.
 
 Meta: Who is your favorite virus coder?
 Slash: If I have to name one, perhaps Dark Avenger is my favorite coder
        for he introduced the MtE theory.
 
 Meta: Do viruses travel fast in Taiwan?
 Slash: Not quite so, because once there emerges a virus, it would soon
        be sent to AVers for a resolution.
 
 Meta: Which anti-virus product do you think is the best?
 Slash: If I have to name one, perhaps ThunderByte B.V. Anti-Virus could
        be the best.
 
 Meta: Are there any greets you want to give, or anything else
       you want to say?
 Slash: First, I want to extend thanks to Metabolis for giving me the
        chance to introduce myself, I am glad to know him.  further, I
        wish that the virus authors would not create any destructive
        virus. It's okay to do some research or experiment, but not
        to cause any damages... That's all!
        At last, Greetings to all virus programmers.

 Metabolis/VLAD

