 

                       The Slovakian Virus Scene
                                  by
                              Qark [VLAD]


 Since the death of Bulgaria as the virus centre of the world two or three
 years ago, America's recent decline (another story) and the death of
 Trident in the Netherlands, the normal places we think of as virus capitals
 have moved.  Sweden has always been a hotbed of activity, but recently
 Taiwan, Australia, Russia and Slovakia have improved in focus.

 Slovakia is a small country, being the 'other' half of the former united
 czechoslovakia, but it has two virus groups, and a seemingly large interest
 in computer viruses.

 When the MtE used to be a very popular polymorphic engine, there was
 another, not so well known but advanced polymorphic virus called
 Slovakia 4.0, the last member of the Slovakia series. It was as good as
 the MtE, although it used different techniques. This virus became quite
 common in Slovakia.  At that time, SCAN only used algorithmic detection
 for two things, the MtE and the Slovakias.  Also, according to Patricia
 Hoffmans VSUM these two were the only strongly polymorphic systems.
 Slovakia 4.0 was the last virus this author has created (as far as is
 known).

 The most famous virus from Slovakia must be OneHalf virus by Vyvojar. It is
 the second part of the Explosion series. It has spread all over Europe
 and reached the US, thus being clasified as a "common virus". OneHalf
 is a light polymorphic COM/EXE/MBR infector. It utilises a special
 construction of jumps to distribute the decryptor into 10 pieces all over
 the host code (kind of what Commander Bomber does, but in simplified form).
 Removing the virus using the popular "FDISK /MBR" usually causes the user
 serious trouble as two tracks are encrypted each time the computer is
 rebooted and the virus decrypts the data on the fly, so the system becomes
 addicted to the virus.  This makes it a very popular topic in [anti]virus
 forums.

 Level_3 is the third and final virus in the Explosion series. It implements
 EMM1_0 (Explosion's Mutation Machine 1.0), one of today's most advanced
 polymorphic engines. There are 2 phases of decryption, one is a linear and
 about 700 bytes long, full of conditional jumps (it emulates it's own
 code to determine instruction flow). The first phase decrypts the real
 decryptor of the virus (which is a simple loop). This is why it can't be
 discovered by a simple decryption routine detector. TBAV only catches a few
 samples by mistake. The source code can be found in 40hex-14.

 Vyvojar (the author of the viruses mentioned above) announced the end of
 his virus writing activities because of school graduation and being busy
 with different things. This is the end of the career of a virus writing
 great.
 
 Although unknown by most, Slovakia is also home to a virus writing group
 with three members called the Slovak Virus Laboratories (SVL) who have
 written a few quality viruses.  The members of the group are JohnyX,
 Mengele and The Professor.

 The following is a translation of an article they wrote for a popular
 Slovakian magazine.

 This article was originally published in a computer magazine called
 PC-REVUE issue 2/95 in a column "VIRUS RADAR", which is dedicated to new
 viruses in Slovakia. This article was translated from the Slovak language,
 with notes indicated using square brackets.

 ------8<-------------------------------------------------------------->8---

 On the computer, at the end of the year 1994

 Dear friends, we wish you all the best in the New Year 1995, in the name of
 the Slovak Virus Laboratories (SVL).  We have picked this unusual kind of
 New Years Greeting (well, we write unusual viruses as well, and one must
 admit they're not the worst either), because we are sure that our favourite
 VIRUS RADAR will mention it. To show our goodwill, we enclose the source
 code of SVL 1.2, which has been discussed recently (we really are the
 authors, don't doubt it).
 A few words about SVL: we're cheerful guys, who are interested in Fred
 Flintstone's philosophy (except our Development Chief, who is only
 interested in girls and beer), as well as in writing tasty and juicy
 viruses.  The group was founded spontaneously about 3 years ago in a bar,
 while discussing the advantages of vodka combined with juice against pure
 vodka.  First we did nothing, but then we started to do some freelance
 production.  We have achieved several successes, we even got into the
 newspapers (we have to mention one successful boot virus, the last one in
 former Czechoslovakia [translator's note: Czechoslovakia split into Czech
 and Slovakia in 1993; the "successful boot virus" seems to be J&M, which
 formats partition table on November 15, although I assume that the virus
 comes from Czech originally]).
 Also in August we managed to do something, partly because one of our
 irresponsible members forgot to change the text in the source to "GET AWAY
 FROM THE COMPUTER, IT'S SUMMER !!!" and left it the way it was (he had to
 be extremely polite to all SVL members for a month). After a time of
 lethargy we released SVL 1.1 and 1.2.  In order to prevent rumors about
 preparing something like SVL 1.5896, we announce that there is not and
 never will be any version 1.x (besides 1.1 and 1.2). However, the world
 keeps turning round pervertly and so we will keep writing viruses, which
 will keep the writers of antiviral software alive (they should at least
 support Ahmed Semtex's group in their fight against the Windows threat).
 Shouting "LET'S ATTACK IN THE NEW YEAR" [translator's note: it rhymes in
 Slovak language, of course :)], we prepare hot news - SVL 2.0 -  It will
 appear on your computers in the first or the second half of the year.
 Actually, it is our personal response to EXPLOSION [translator's note:
 Explosion is the first one of the row "Explosion, One_Half and Level_3"].
 Finally, we would like to send some hot STEALTH greetings to our favourite
 Virus Radar, Vyvojar [note: that's the nick of the guy who wrote the
 Explosion series]. Addititonally, we would like to express our unlimited
 admiration to the players, who broke the Guiness Record (none of us has
 ever played a computer game for more than 40 hours) [note: there was an
 attempt to beat the Guiness Record in length of playing the computer games
 in Bratislava (the capital of Slovakia) in December '94. The current record
 is about 175 hours]. We wish you enough cheap and high-quality software and
 don't forget:
 If you don't want to have your computers infected, don't buy them!!!

 Yours Sincerely,
                        Press Manager of SVL

 P.S.  The only virus that infected us in 1994 (besides flu, we all caught
       it) was OneHalf. We congratulate the author and we offer a meeting
       sometime in the future.


 ------8<-------------------------------------------------------------->8---

 Another quality virus from Slovakia is the Lion King virus which is a
 polymorphic stealth COM/EXE infector written by an unknown author who
 identifies himself as LST.


