
    Greets
    +----+

    There are plenty of people that we'd all like to greet and
    naturally we can't remember everyone we've ever spoken to
    so if we missed you, don't take offence :) annoy us enough
    and we'll greet you in the next issue hehe

    Bullier : get up off ya fat ass and do something constructive for once
    Omega : so what do you do with your time now that TridenT is no more?
    The Unforgiven : pull yourself together man. ;)
    Dark Angel : just remember, theora likes you!
    Memory Lapse : you're just too eleet, i don't know what to say
    twl : like pheer me n stuff, you are weenie!!
    Halflife : the eleet hax0r queen!
    Priest : dude, where ya been?  haven't seen ya in aaages.
    Garbage Heap : it's a shame I ain't GOOD enough for greets haha
    Lookout Man : find me strange!
    Aladar : thanks for the use of your site
    Crypt Keeper : DeWD WoT iZ THe LaYTeST VeR oF TeXTBoX???
    Kryptik : come to australia!  much cheaper for me
    Neuron : for a slack cunt, you occasionally do something
    Rilo : for an AVer you ain't so bad :)
    Diddler : good luck in your new crew, liven things up a little bit!!
    Shadseek : mut-i was all your fault!!! sheesh ;)
    Shalazar : who's your number one dude?
    Pryme : we kinda lost contact but hopefully we'll sort something out
    Stormbringer : almost forgot to greet you hehe, turn up some more!
    Zerial : just remember, echomail bites and ain't worth bothering with
    Vrt : so you don't complain here's your greet, and no, the beer's mine!
    Daver : you really gotta do something about cb hehe
    Tik Tak : write a virus for once in your life! :)
    csa : hurry up and get your bbs up man!! :)
    Screaming Radish : heard you didn't pay your phone bill? heh
    Talon : dude, make up yer mind! ;)
    Xalopp : did you manage to check out the group general base?
    Ncl : thanks for all the french lessons hehe
    Grayarea : you've kinda disappeared from #virus, wassup?
    Falcon : yup that status symbol is definately past its use by date :)
    Ripmax : might have a chat with you in the near future.
    Kain : spending a lot of time in #nyc, not good for ya! heh
    Fury : haven't seen you on for a while, email me!
    Coaxial Karma : stay on IRC for more than 5 minutes one time :)
    Levski : this wouldn't have happened back in bulgaria
    Tiphoid : not much into that netsex stuph myself, sorry.
    King Dan : i don't know what you see in cricket man
    Golden Cicada : chirp chirp
    Evil Avatar : i told you i wouldn't say what you said in the greets heh
    Jumper : hmm you were right, you aren't around much.. email me
    Sweasel : dude.. thanks for the list of sources heh.  where's my article?
    Mr.Twister : michael jackson really would like his chimp back ok!
    Aardvark : y0y0.. still waiting for cool .za distro site..
    Ajax : here's the eleet greet I promised ya! hehe
    Black Avenger : how's tricks in moscow?
    Hermanni : oh no, you're in a VX mag!  what will the AV community say?

    Metabolis/VLAD

