

   Viruses in the News
   -------------------

   On the 16th of February, 1995, the media across the Australia were
   crowing the news, that the Australian Taxation Office had to close down
   due to a computer virus infection.  This story received front page
   notice in the newspapers, and a prominent place in the television news
   bulletin of every station.  
   
   The Australian author quaintly identifies himself as "Harry McBungus"
   and is responsible for four 'no frills' viruses, although it is unknown
   which version was responsible for this incident.  The same author has
   appeared in the press many times, namely when his 'X-Fungus' virus shut
   down the SUNCORP bank, and when 'Dudley' similarly infected the company
   responsible for Australia's international telephone linkage (OTC).

   Here is a sampling of the stories surrounding the event:
   (All real names/personal details censored)

     The Courier Mail, Thursday, February 16, 1995
     Page 1 of 2

     [Picture Attached]

     THIS is the Brisbane teenager whose computer virus made the
     Australian Tax Office's massive computer network "crash"
     last week.  The "No Frills Virus" that <Real Name>
     created when he was a high school student three years ago
     shut down the ATO national network for a full day, and
     anti-virus experts were still working on cleaning up the
     problem three days later.  However he now is a university
     student and wants to use his knowledge as a virus writer to
     help people make their computers more secure.  And he was
     surprised that the monster he created was still wreaking
     havoc.


     Page 2 of 2

     [Techo-Terror]

     <Real Name>, 18, used to be known in the computer
     underground as Harry McBungus and Terminator Z, and now is a
     <Personal Details>.   The No Fills Virus was one of a number
     he wrote while a Year 11 student at <Personal Detail> "as a
     programming exercise". Since then it has spread around the
     world and become one of the most prevalent computer viruses
     in Australia.   When it struck last week, all the ATO's 26
     branches had to be isolated while the virus was finally
     tracked down to a branch in the Melbourne suburb of Box
     Hill.  A computer virus is a malicious program which can
     alter, damage or destroy files and computer memory and may
     attack and spread without its victim's knowledge.  There are
     at least 2500 known viruses worldwide and new ones are being
     added at the rate of 40 to 50 a month.  <Surname> yesterday
     described the ATO virus attack as a ghost from the past that
     had come back to haunt him. "I thought it (No Frills) had been
     dead and buried long ago.  There is no way I ever would have
     imagined three years ago it would still be around now. "This
     is no something I can look back on and say: 'Yeah! I'm
     really glad that happened.'  I'm not embarrased about it,
     but it is something I could have done without." He was
     interviewed by Queensland police when his first version of
     No Frills infected more than 100 computers at Suncorp in
     April, 1992, but was not charged.  It also got into Brisbane
     Grammar School's computers.  "I told them I had not spread
     the virus, and they seemed to accept that." But he admits
     that as a 15-year-old he had boasted to his school mates
     about the virus and showed serveral of them how he had
     written it. "Somebody stole the codes and within a few weeks
     it was circulating around Brisbane computer bulletin boards."
     "When I heard it was circulating I contacted one of the
     anti-virus companies and offered them the codes so they
     could combat it. They didn't take them.  They just called
     the police." It is not illegal to write viruses, but anyone
     knowingly infecting a computer with a virus can be charged
     with a variety of offences.  <Surname> said it was a mystery to
     him how a virus got into the Tax Office.  "It should have
     been picked up by any of the modern anti-virus software."
     "The fact it wasn't detected is pretty disgusting. Even
     once it was discovered it should have taken only five
     minutes to isolate and a few hours to get rid of - not
     days." He is described by associates as a computer genius
     who probably knows more about virues than most people around
     the world.  But he said: "I moved on from writting viruses
     some time ago.  It was never intended to do any damage or as
     a ploy to become infamous. There are bigger and better
     challenges out there than writing viruses and one of them is
     combating what other people can come up with.  It's harder
     to stop a virus than to write one." He created two versions
     of No Frills, and it was the second that hit the Tax Office.
     Other versions, written by others using Harry's original
     codes, occasionally appear.  Although not as damaging as
     some viruses, No Frills will often randomly destroy up to a
     third of the files on an infected computer by overwriting
     them. "It was no written as a destructive virus.  It doesn't
     have a destructive code, but due to an oversight on my part
     there is a flaw in it which can cause it to corrupt some
     types of files. I learned a lot about programming and
     computer system architecture in doing it, but I never
     intended it to get into circulation." Australian computer
     vandals are believed responsible for dozens of viruses which
     have caused millions of dollars in damage worldwide.
     Hundreds of companies in Australia are hit by viruses each
     year, in spite of outlaying thousands of dollars for
     anti-virus protection.  Figures from the US show the average
     virus attack takes almost 2 1/2 days to eradicate.  Even
     then, a quater of the companies hit by a virus can expect to
     be re-infected within 30 days.  Viruses can be programmed to
     attack on contact or to sit dormant like a time bomb, set to
     go off on a specific date.  Australian viruses with names
     such as Puke.393, Aussie Parasite, Dudley and Incest have
     created havoc in both private enterprise and government
     departments.  Dudley, Incest and some versions of Aussie
     Parasite originated in Queensland.


        PLAGUE THREAT
        -------------

[GLOBAL VIRUS ASSAULT]



     AN international computer terrorist group, with several
     members in Brisbane, is threatening to unleash 1000 new
     computer viruses at once.

     If successful they could create worldwide chaos and do
     billions of dollars in damage to business, government and
     prossibly military computer systems.  United States experts
     say a planned virus attack had the potential to shut down a
     country's entire infrastructure, simultaneously striking
     everything from banks to communication systems and air
     traffic control towers.

     Australian business and government departments each spend
     thousands of dollars a year on anti-virus protection, with
     many organisations orperating up to three anti-virus systems
     which are upgraded quarterly to keep pace with new viruses.

     But such a massive release of new viruses could render their
     protection systems useless.

     On March 6, 1992 a single virus - known as the Michaelangelo
     Virus - shut down 10,000 computer systems worldwide,
     destroying all of their files.

     The group known overseas as Nuke and in Australia as Puke
     has put out an underground newsletter to computer virus
     writers calling on them to withhold all new viruses until
     1000 had been gathered worldwide.

     Their aim is to release all of the new viruses at the same
     time on to computer bulletin boards, including the massive
     30-million-member Internet.

     Anti-virus software companies admit such a scheme has the
     potential to cause worldwide chaos and do billions of
     dollars in damage to business and government computer
     systems.

     However, they doubt the ability of the organisation to
     stockpile so many viruses.

     Marketing director of Brisbane-based Leprechaun Software,
     Len Groves, said most virus writers got so excited about
     what they could not wait to get it into circulation.

     There are about 2500 known computer viruses in circulation
     and three or four new ones appear each week.

     Puke has members throughout Australia and has been in
     existence for at least five years.

     At least two of its members have been charged by Federal
     Police recently with computer related offences.

     Computer virus damage costs Australia tens of millions of
     dollars each year.

     Viruses are man-made rogue programs which reproduce and
     mutate, attaching themselves to other computer programs and
     files and spreading in much the same way as a biological
     virus.

     Many of the viruses are harmless and some are even humorous,
     but many are extremely contagious and very damaging,
     destroying all data and the operating system on computers
     they infect.

     Infected computer networks have to be closed down - often
     for days at a time - while they are "disinfected".  Even
     then, they are likely to be hit again by the same virus two
     or three weeks later.

     Companies have been put out of business permanently after
     losing all of their data, because they had failed to make
     back-up copies.

     Queensland State Government departments were hit by viruses
     seven times in the two years from mid-1994, but were lucky
     to suffer only minor damage.

     The most serious case cost $40,000 to fix.

     Several viruses have turned up at sites on the Gold Coast
     and in Townsville, but nowhere else.  Other viruses have
     spread further afield.

     Two years ago "Harry" had a falling out with Puke, and a
     short time later a virus named Dudley appeared on the scene.

     It was almost identical to No Frills, but an anonymous caller
     to Leprechaun told them it was members of Puke trying to get
     back at "Harry" for something.

     They wanted him to be blamed.

     Since then another version also allegedly written by a Puke
     member called Oi Dudley, has appeared.

     Recently an underground group, called Vlad, has surfaced in
     Brisbane.  One of its first efforts was the Incest Virus.

     Vlad often checks into Leprechaun's public access bulletin
     board to "have a look around" and taunt the virus busters.

     Like graffiti vandals, virus writers often sign their work
     and include strings of text (sometimes encrypted) in the
     virus programs.  The contents can range from foul to
     foolish.


        TAXMAN STOPPED BY VIRUS
        -----------------------

     The Australian, Tuesday, February 21, 1995

        Teenager's anxiety and delight with own virus
        ---------------------------------------------

     Queensland teenager <Real Name> feels a mixture of anxiety
     and delight every time his No Frills virus throws another
     large business into turmoil.

     No Frills latest target is the Australian Tax Office, but
     its list of victims over the past three years includes
     Telecom and SunCorp, Queenslands largest financial institution.

     <Surname> was a 15 year old schoolboy when he produced the
     prototype of No Frills.

     It referred to itself in an internal message as K-Mart and
     gave its author the nom de code of "Harry McBungus".

     The virus infected SunCorp in February, 1992, forcing the
     company to quarantine 100 desktop systems and 12 servers
     while it was purged and damaged files were repaired.

     Even as SunCorp was setting its house in order, <Surname>
     was working on the streamlined version that became No Frills.

     He claims it escaped into the public domain via a games
     diskette.

     Almost a year to the day after the SunCorp infection, a
     version of No Frills in an encryption wrapper ran wild in
     Telecom's International Business Office computers.

     The attack forced Telecom to first isolate, then rebuild Novell
     networks linking about 1000 PC's.

     The five-day containment and clean-up exercise involved an
     international effort and a 30-member Telecom Tiger team.

     <Surname> claims Telecom's use of the McAfee anti-virus
     software exacerbated the problem, which included the
     disconnection of 15 servers.

     "They started scanning their systems with McAfee, which couldn't
     find the virus," he says.

     "But every time McAfee opened a file to scan it, the virus
     infected it.  That's how most of the infection happened."

     There were no public reports of major No Frills outbreaks
     last year, but the ATO attack has put the virus back in the
     spotlight.

     <Surname>, a <xxx xxx xxx> student at the <xxx xxx xxx>, says
     the virus was written to infect executable overlay files, not
     destroy data files.

     But he concedes it could become confused by header information
     in some data files and infect them by mistake.

     "Basically, it's just a straight-forward virus," <Surname> says.

     "I don't derive pleasure out of destroying things; I'd be a
     skewed human being if I did."

     "I'm not sitting here feeling happy because it's trashing
     thousands of computers."

     <Surname> admits, however to feeling elated on hearing of the
     Tax Office's problems.

     "I do feel some joy that it's out there going strong, not just
     sitting in some virus archive," he says.

     <Surname> maintains some contact with the virus community, but
     he says writing viruses is no longer a passion.

     "It's just one of those things you play with for a while, thinking
     it's cool, and then move on."

     These days, <Surname> is more interested in his <xxx xxx>;
     he thinks working with biological viruses would be fascinating.

     He would also like to do "something productive" with computer
     viruses, such as research, but fears his past may bar him from
     a career in the industry.

     "Even if I don't get into legal trouble for something like
     what happened with the Tax Office, having my name connected
     with No Frills will probably eliminate any future for me in
     computers," <Surname> says.

     "If I was advising anyone I'd tell them to think about the
     consequences further down the track and not just look five
     minutes ahead, like I did when I started writing viruses."

     Overall, <Surname> doesn't regret writing No Frills.

     "As a programming exercise I think it was good," he says.

     "But when you weigh up everything that has happened, well,
     I've never sat down and thought about it, but it may have
     been for the worst, mainly because of the anger it caused.

     "You live and learn.  You see that more things happen
     than you realised at the time.

     "People suffer and stuff like that.  I don't think people
     deserve to have viruses happen to them."

     In keeping with his new-found desire to do something positive
     with viruses, <Surname> nominates a Russian anti-virus package
     called AVP as among the best he's seen.

     He likes the detailed and accurate technical information it
     supplies on various viruses.

     Other reccomended anti-virus packages on <Surname>'s shortlist
     include Thunderbyte Scan and FPROT.


