                   Introduction to the fifth issue
                   ===============================
  
  It's my pleasure to bring you the fifth issue of The Insane Reality!!
  Yes. The magazine that includes everything and nothing is back and 
  now also better than ever!
  
  We bring you as usual the latest news, gossip and the true information 
  from the scene, the real world and from our own heads. Furthermore
  in a time where even your girlfriend, mother and sisters titties
  are fake, we bring you something real!
  
  Yes. Look out! Cry and die! What's happening in the world is awful!
  The society of today is horrible and what we're doing is fighting
  against the injustice, so it someday might be changed!
  
  Yes. "I have a dream..." and that is to live a life in peace, love
  and harmony. A place where you are allowed to think and to do whatever
  you want. I want a world where words such as violence, evil, 
  corruption and greed doesn't exist! And where we can trust people's
  moral!
  
  To make this happen, we've to do a non-violent revolution! We've
  to make people realize that facism is no good! We have to make
  them open up their eyes, using their ears and listening to their 
  hearts!
  
  Politican's are fooling and laughing at us, thinking that we don't
  know what they're doing! And what they're doing is very simple, they
  are trying to take away your human rights, converting you to a robot
  that is worth just as much and _which_ are serving the same purpose 
  as a gearwheel in a car! But the car aren't any Volvo, it's the
  government!
  
  Our enemies is many, but if your belief in strong, miracles can happen!
  People might start to listen on as well as trust you! This is our first
  step toward a better society, toward a better life.
  
  We mustn't accept that our sort are being imprisoned because of
  what they write, or what they say! Security agency's are controlled
  by the government as well as the anti-virus persons and other lobbying
  groups! And we have to take care with the problem by it's root. In other
  words, we've to crush the government as well as the anti-virus persons!
  
  Am I extreme? No, rather pissed off and well informed! Virus writers 
  and hackers are being busted for no reason! Security agency's are 
  making our lifes a living hell even if we aren't any criminals! We're 
  not breaking the law, but harassment of non-criminals is! The 
  government are the one breaking the law!
  
  Ever heard such words as freedom, democracy and justice? If so, 
  remember them, because they will not be included in your next 
  dictionary censored by the government because they doesn't exist! 
  The government are facists, doing stuff that only serve bad purposes.
  
  Yes. Step by step they are going to take away everything from you!
  Your personality, your so called freedom, your thoughts and finally
  your lust to live.
  
  They've already started, and unless you don't do something about it,
  you'll soon become a "digitalized Joe" that cannot think for himself. 
  A person somehow reminding of Hitler's ideal. A person taking order
  without thinking and if he doesn't follow the order he is told to
  "execute", he's most likely to be "wasted".
  
  So. My message is that we all should join the riot! That is to publish
  correct information, create chaos, or with nearly any method, change
  to one being in control! Remember that nothing is ever impossible!
  
  However, calming down.. calming down.. Ok. Back to the purpose of this
  article again. This magazine is very much alike the earlier, though,
  the quality of the material published has of cause raised again.
  
  Well, there's not too much left to say in this article, except that
  I really hope you read everything published, because if you don't you 
  can't possible get the right feeling. So relax, have a coke and a 
  great time reading this issue!
  
                          = The Unforgiven =