                   What's happened sicne issue #4
                   ==============================
  
  Since I have been a bit lazy since the release of issue #4, I didn't
  really care much about what happend, etc. which resulted in that our
  "famouse" time line with exact dates cannot be included. However, I'll
  do my best to describe the "news". 
  
  This article is pretty long, since it also includes some other 
  information and thoughts that I hope you find interesting. But okey, 
  let's start with the normal stuff.
  
  Magazine code
  컴컴컴컴컴컴
  Some stuff has as usual been re-written, optimized and changed. 
  Though, I don't think you will notice any major improvments unless 
  you are a dedicated dissassemblerer. One new feature is however that
  it saves your configuration. Why didn't we include such a trivial 
  function the last time? Heh. The truth is really that the release 
  version or IR#4 was actually an "internal Immortal Riot beta version!"
  Mo more! :). 
  
  We had thought to change/add a shitload in the code, but since babes 
  and parties is of much more priority, we couldn't care less. Heh. I 
  know this sounds a bit strange, but it's really the truth.
  
  Vga and ansi art
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  We deleted our vga-column b'cos some people found it quite annoying
  to download such a "huge" package. Well, I don't really think that
  3 minutes downloading is very horrible, and beside that the vga.dat 
  file included could (later on) be deleted. Well, we actually received
  a nice picture from The Sarge, but it'll end up in our next issue
  b'cos of the lack of time (Sorry Sarge!).
  
  Then, how about the ansis? Well, since I havn't been able to call out
  lately I couldn't contact any good artist, which resulted in that
  we have to use (some of) the one's used in the forth issue. Well, I
  actually received a logo from Incubus the same day as we released 
  IR#4, but since he thought he was "used" by us he wanted some cash for
  the ansi(s) he created!
  
  Oh? How ungrateful can a person really be? Heck, he received a shitload
  of calling cards, just b'cos I was nice, not for "licking his ass" so 
  he should draw (ripp?) us some more. Ok, I didn't pay shits for
  those cards, and couldn't care less about 굆, but I find his behaviour
  really fucking lame! Or as we say in Immortal Riot, as a greedy geek! 
  Hehe. Yeah, fuck you Incubus, your greedy geek!
  
  Interviews
  컴컴컴컴컴
  Whelp what can I say now? Heh. Well, no interview's this time!
  Why? Well, the main reason is that I hadn't thought about releasing
  this issue as soon as we did. I.e, no organizing, just a quick impuls!
  
  And if you think that isn't any good exchause I got another :). Heh.
  I didn't find any interesting person's to interview, this b'cos I have
  not called out since the release of IR#4. Haha. We could however do 
  some interviews with the local lamers that screamed out "I want to be
  interviewed in our next issue, pleaseeee!" :). Though I don't want to 
  waste more bytes than necessary (grin!).
    
  Viruses
  컴컴컴컴
  Here, we have improved, both in quality as well as quantity. Ok, my 
  creations sure aren't any super-duper, multipartite, polymorfic full 
  time stealth virus that you might whip up within notime. The opposite 
  in fact. They all are "simple" file-infectors. However they're all 
  complete undetecable and highly destructive which I think is the most
  important :). Heh. You might hate seeing more of those "cheesy" or 
  "so-fucking-common" viruses out there, but I only compete with myself 
  and couldn't care less if you tell me if they suck or not.
  
  But anyway, you will see no more mutations nor overwriting viruses
  from me! "That was a stage we all had to pass..." and if you do, 
  they're (most likely) fake!
  
  But since Immortal Riot got more members than me, there's naturally
  other viruses released from other persons in this issue. Ok. Let's
  start with Raver. He's (in my opinion, even if he doesn't share it!)
  done something "worthwhile". It's called Digital Pollution and it's
  an encrypted memory resident infector, complete undetectable and 
  carrying a shitload of original pay-loads!
  
  This virus was though written in a hurry, and that's all my fault!
  Why? Well, actually b'cos I told him that there was no chance in the
  world that we should release IR#5 before his "duty-period" was over.
  Ok. I was wrong :) and he had to hurry up pretty fucking much with it,
  which (of'cos?) resulted in that he wasn't too satisfied with it. 
  However, I'm very glad that it even was finished as well as one can be
  pretty sure to see some really cool viruses being written by this 
  person in the (nearest?) future!
  
  Then, Metal Militia.. Well, in this case, I'm not to blame, instead
  blame him! For what? Well, his version's of (nearly all) the viruses 
  releases by him to this issue was thought to be continued. I.e. they
  are not really finished, though still working.
  
  However, he rather took his boat and went away for a short holiday
  (dissapearing right before the release of the issue, just like he
  always does...) So I guess the viruses realeased by him here doesn't
  show his fully capacity.
  
  Then, we got B-Real who is a decent programmer, though he still 
  hasn't  written a virus, yet. He hopefully will.. it's just a question 
  of time.
  
  But we have also in this issue included original source code, hex-
  scripts and dissassemblies to viruses that aren't created by us.
  For instance Maiike.250 and the Tai-Pan virus. Those b'cos of they 
  were both reported "in the wild" (Nice term, eh?). It was also 
  thought that Macaroni Ted (ex Cruel Entity) should contribute with
  a really beautiful virus. Though, he didn't make it until the 
  "dead-line", so this will have to wait..
  
  We also thought about including fully commented dissassemblies of 
  Dr.White's famouse viruses (Desperado and Junkie), but they have 
  to wait to the next issue! (If we bother about 굆, that is)
  
  You'll also notice that this issue is a bit more focused on assembly
  programming, virus related articles, ideas, etc. rather than the 
  blabbeling articles :). Of'cos this will never be a pure techno-
  journal (like 40hex) b'cos I like this blabbeling-blabbeling too much!
  
  So now, the "articles" also contain assembly source code, so check
  굆 all out!
  
  Boards 
  컴컴컴
  First, I'm terrible sorry that The Wizard's Lair hangs once in a while.
  This will hopefully soon be fixed! Then, there has also been some 
  trouble with some of our other boards. I think Beetle and his board 
  Coi, inc. was down b'cos of AT&T. But I don't really know what he's up
  to now. Heck, who want to check it up when some strange "digitalized-
  voice" say "This number can't be reached for the moment due to security
  investigations"?? Eh?
  
  Anyhow, then we had Aristotle's Black Axis as a US-distro. Heh, you 
  have to be "deaf, dumb and blind" not to hear about the Aristotle
  and the NuKE rag. Well, I tried to care as less as possible about the
  situation, and being (as a true Swede) as neutral as possible. And to
  prove that, I had two "enemies" (Falcon & Aristotle) as IR-sysops,
  which resulted in some minor trouble :).
  
  I was asked (several times) "Who do you _weird guy_ take party for?"
  Huh? Well, I told 굆 both that I was neutral! And I'm neutral b'cos
  I don't have all facts that I want to have. However, I do agree with 
  NuKE that Aristotle is a master in "social engineering", b'cos he tells
  you exactly what you want to hear. But let's not drag up that shit 
  again, it's a of less importance since his board (now) is down, and 
  hopefully the air is (a bit more) cleared.
  
  Then we've expanded our distribution-site list with two boards. The
  first was Decker's board in Norway called Hack'n Hard, and the other 
  one is called Tax-Hole and placed somewhere in Germany. I think our 
  earlier magazine's should be available on those bbses in case it's 
  a local call from you.
  
  I was also asked from a couple of persons if they could be distro
  or (even) headquater's for our grop.  Well, I actually don't remember
  all of them, but some thought their baord was hot shit. For example 
  this: "/<-RaD /<0dE /<iDz WhErEZZZZ WoRlD" that could be reeched at
  +01-810-348-0421 :) You see, we don't want no more of those k-RaD
  WaReZ boards (Underworld Elements is more than enough!) so, if you're 
  one of those, there's no reason to apply!
  
  However, everyone can be some sorta "IR-disto". All you have to do is
  to set up an Immortal Riot area from where your users can download our
  magazine's for free! No more, no less! But if you do, then don't claim
  that it's a IR-distro, it's just a "sorta" distro :).
    
  Faked-up-Time-Line
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  Well.. shit I don't know what to write about, b'cos I don't really
  know what's happend, etc :). But I give it a try..
  
  A quick impuls
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  After the relase or IR#4 I actually didn't do shits until ...now!
  Heh. Not for "Immortal Riot" anyhow if you get my point. And after
  about four month of doing shits, seing our "one year birthday" getting
  closer for each day and everything I all sudden got a impulse (Yah, 
  I'm famouse for those, right..) that told me "Release the mag, release 
  the mag!". So heck, what was I suppose to do, eh? Of'cos I decided to 
  release it!
  
  Sure.. but the problem was this; I hadn't done shits, neither had
  Metal Militia, Raver or B-Real, so let's say that this issue and all
  it's content was made in a period of less than 7 days (Promise!)
  
  Growing up - being an adult?
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  But anyhow, let's look back a few month. I graduated from my old
  school the 8:th of June, and I think Metal Militia and B-Real 
  quitted their's that day as well. We all will however continue to 
  study. Heck, I don't want to be an adult, working 08.00 to 17.00 
  every fucking day!
  
  The slaughter of Mikael Winterkvist part 1
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  But let's also talk about the virus-scene a bit.. Ok starting with
  the very feared Mikael Winterkvist (sysop on Computer Security Center,
  faggot reporter and the main person behind RSBBS), hahaha I had never
  actually seen him before the release or IR#4, but now I have :).
  
  The story goes something like this.. A school-dude to me called me
  up late one day saying that (using his word) "the faggot" was on TV. 
  Well, I was actually not far from puke all over! Haha! You know he's 
  been telling the papers/TV-channels that virus writers are social 
  failures, "maladjusted misfits", ugly demoralized assholes creating
  viruses b'cos we don't make the real life and to get our revenge
  to the society? Right? Heh. Guess what this geek looks like?
  
  Well, if I could decribe him to you I would tell you, however I can't 
  really! Hm, okay, I know he's about 36 years old, but he look's like 
  17:ten or something! He got more spots than I had when I was 14:ten,
  and that were quite a few! Then, he's pale (spent to much time in 
  front of the computer, lam-o, eh?) and extremely ugly! ...and keep in 
  mind that this isn't only my decription of him, it's rather what all
  except his wife(?) would describe him as!
  
  Heck, when he's describing virus writer's, I think he's describing 
  himself! Say Mikael, who's the social failure? Who's doing this b'cos
  of one can't stand the real life, and think one is cool b'cos of
  doing this? Sure aren't me, looser!
  
  The rise of Winterkvist
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  But anyhow, the massacre of Mikael isn't over yet! Well okey, he was 
  actually "hot-shit" here in Sweden after the bust of SHA, but since 
  that, he's going down the drain! So, let's talk about the rise and fall 
  of this person!
  
  Winterkvist as Esmond Dury
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  He first got "fame" b'cos of the well known real-name publishing
  of the top ten VX boards in Sweden. Here he cooperated with a person 
  called Mikael Larsson (sysop of Virus Help Center), but this person 
  was only used by Winterkvist. "All credits, fame and money to me, 
  please!". (as I said before, he's a greedy geek!)
  
  Of that reason Demoralized Youth, The Beta Boys and Line Noise
  (*.* of the virus writing groups in Sweden) quitted doing viruses,
  and closed down their VX-boards.
  
  I quote F-Bull 2.07 about what happend after..
  
  "the virus situation in Sweden has been very peaceful of late - 
  doubtless the Swedish Hack Rapport had a hand in this."
  
  Winterkvist - building his third reich
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  Yes. From this time the "Swedish hack Report" as well as his own mail-
  meeting become very appreciated. Then he was all sudden an "expert"
  concerning "hackers, virus writers and other keyboard criminals", and
  if a paper/television-channel needed any information he was the person
  to ask! Mikael Larsson soon enough became an "back-ground" character!
  
  Winterkvist and the bust of SHA
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  But Winterkvist was only appreciated by the pd and some elite-wanna-
  be's and not by (what were left of) the underground! So, the famouse 
  group called SHA (Swedish Hacking Ass.) released the full CBI of 
  Winterkvist, and as a result of that, they got (by Winterkvist) 
  busted bigtime! (That was a pure personal revenge from his side!)
  
  The fall of Winterkvist part 1
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  But now we did something that really pissed of Winterkvist. Heh. 
  We posted all of our sourcer's on anti-virus-net's, opened VX boards, 
  created chaos as well as started to make fun of him! Now he started to 
  look "weak" b'cos of we defeated him all the time! 
  
  He first quitted doing his "hacker-report bulletin", b'cos no one cared
  about what he wrote anyhow! (We're in control, OBEY!) Then he also 
  dropped his own, beloved mail-meeting, and for a short period there 
  was complete "anarchy" on his ex-meeting :). Something I love to take 
  credits for!!
  
  Huh? But we want him to go down deep! So, we posted more sources on
  swe.vir, as well as on his old meeting (I think). Now he hated
  us ever more than before! He had to cut out swe.vir from his board, 
  b'cos he said that he didn't want to help us with the "virus-
  spreading" so to speak and cried out for help on the meetings as well 
  as in the "news bulleting" on his very own board. "How are we going 
  to stop this?". (Sub, cough, snort)
  
  Whelp! What happend now? Mikael looked weak, and nothing ever happend
  with the so powerful RSBBS (You know, his "sturm-abteilung" department
  to hunt scum-bag's down!). Heck, the situation in Sweden is (from his
  view) worse than ever! 
  
  Sweden - a country where anarchy rules
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  Viruses which are created/released from Sweden pops up daily! Swedish
  viruses are reported in the wild! Reports on hacked/crashed boards, 
  infected as well as crashed harddrives are posted frequently on the 
  "warning-nets". There's chaos and anarchy out there! ...and he and 
  his (few) followers don't have enough power to clean it up!
  
  First, let's start with the viruses created in Sweden. Desperado and
  Junkie shaked the world! Tai-Pan spread like a wildfire in Sweden, and
  our viruses as well as the one released from A.N.O.I. has indeed nuked 
  quite a few harddrives!!
  
  Sweden - and the faked up laws
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  Then, nothing happened with the computer law! Yes Mikael we're laughing
  at you, b'cos there's nothing you can do of the reason that there's no 
  law that forbid us to create viruses! ..and hopefully there will never 
  be! (and be my guest, try to prove that we spread them!.. hahahah!)
  
  Hm. Talking about laws, I've some inside information concerning that!
  Actually I kinda "know" one politican whom has written a proposition
  to the government in which he want to forbid the creating, spreading,
  sharing and even the possession/ownership of viruses! Ever heard 
  something that stupid?
  
  Ok. Let's analyze that proposition! If writing viruses get's illegal,
  people will create 굆 as an objection about to the new law!! People
  will spread their viruses, (which most likely will be a hell of a lot 
  more destructive!), including some text about the "facism government" 
  which forbids the human rights, i.e. the freedom of speech, etc. 
  
  Then, if someone really get struck with a virus, he's a criminal?! He
  possess a virus! That's fucking illegal! ...and if he want to get help
  with removing it (i.e giving it away to someone else, that is a 
  programmer, so this person can make a a-v program to it!) he can be 
  put in jail or pay a shitload of money for breaking the law concerning
  exchanging viruses?
  
  Sweden with a facism government
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  What kinda democracy is this?! None! Sweden is said to have the best
  democracy in the world! But is this democracy? Aren't you allowed to
  do what you want with your own computer? Aren't you allowed to share
  a fucking source-code (read: text file!) with your best friend? 
  Something is wrong here! and I know what's wrong!
  
  Sweden got politicans that are living in a dream world! They think
  forbidding everything is the solution to everything. Well, this has
  several times been proven wrong, but if the new laws are followed 
  or not, is of less importance, they think. Yah, politicans sucks! 
  Why can't we let anarchy rule and instead of have laws, trust the 
  human moral?
  
  Me - a confused anarchist?
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  Hm. What more? As you can see, I've changed my mind about a whole lot
  of things. Some call me confused, some people a nazist, other's an 
  anarchist. Ok, put it this way, I've been more politically concerned
  b'cos of I've get a few reports about non-criminals such as virus-
  writers, getting busted. What's happening with our society?
  
  Blame the European Community
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  I tell you this, EU - or the European Community is the reason! More
  security agency's (EuroPol for instance) start to pop up! But they do
  not really know what to do but however they still gotta nail someone 
  for something, right? So, what they do is to bust some people that 
  havn't done anything illegal. Black Baron for example! Sure he have 
  written a few viruses, but is that really illegal? No way! But Heh. 
  I think Metal get kinda pissed on me if I steal "his" article so, 
  no more in this article about that.
  
  But back to the security agencys. Sure as hell people are afraid of
  them! Heck, they can fuck with your life real bad if they want! They
  can beat you up if they want, b'cos even if you sue them, who are to 
  be trusted? And as a result of this, the underground has to remain
  underground :). Who makes profit of that we have to be underground? Do
  we? Hardly! Do the a-v? Most likely, and that's why I think that some
  of them (Alan Solomon) are busting virus writers! Even if they don't
  win in the court, it'll scare a few "real-name-writers" into the 
  underground and if someone is underground, people are "afraid" of 
  them, and buys protection (anti-virus) and they a-v vendors earn 
  lotsa money! (Selling protection? Somehow remind of the Mafia, 
  isn't it?)
  
  So Alan, I don't really think you're willing to get rid of the viruses!
  You're rather a smart, greedy and selfish asshole! Fuck you!!
  
  What's happening worldwide
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  What's happening worldwide is really quite impressing. I mean virus 
  writing groups has always been the king of the mountain (scene), it's 
  always we that draw the main attention. Why?
  
  Well, I asked the same kinda thing a couple of days ago, and I think
  I got the answer! Look back and see what virus groups that has existed!
  First, there was Rabid, then Phalcon/Skism, NuKE, Demoralized Youth
  TridenT, Virulent Graffitti, YAM, Immortal Riot, etc. etc. What does
  we all have in common? We create viruses, eh? Sure, but that's not what
  I'm getting at.. We're releasing magazine's, journal's and other 
  quality information!
  
  Viruses will be remembered
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  If a waregroup releases 2 games/day they get kinda "fame" in the scene.
  The member-boards sysops, crackers, etc. are (for a short time) 
  hot-shot's. No doubt about it! But to the world-outside programs and
  games are so common, so they don't really care about who cracked,
  supplied or couried them. Right? They don't thank the persons doing 
  all that job for them! Why? B'cos human's are in general quite 
  ungrateful! But if some people harm them (like we do) they'll most 
  likely care about us! But that was b'cos we create viruses, and not 
  magazine's, right?
  
  Magazine's - appreciated
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  Yeh. Sure, but there's something extra with magazine's. People love 굆!
  They're free, easy to get your hand on, informative and they're funny!
  Also, it's a question about quantity. If you release a cheesy virus as 
  a plain textfile, they will only put it in your collection area among
  3.000+ others! I.e. it'll not be noticed! But if the same virus is 
  included in a magazine, it'll draw plenty of attention!
  
  It's not the quantity...
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  For example, look at Phalcon/Skism's 40HEX. They have released 13 
  magazine's in a period of about 3 years! Still they're well known to
  the "scene-guys" as well as non-computer users! And the're most likely
  to be remembered for a long time.. 
  
  But consider a wares group who release 13 games in a period of 3 years.
  Heh. People would laugh on them call them lamers, loosers, etc. So,
  what's the difference? Well, first, we create something that lives!
  
  Viruses lives...
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  I quote a germany virus writers:
  
  "You feel something wonderful has happened when you've produced one. 
  You've created something that lives. You don't know where it will go 
  or what it will do, but you know it will live on."
  
  Yah, viruses live on their own! "Somewhere in time...", but consider a
  game. Huh? The best games (like Civilization and Doom) are played one 
  or two month. No more. Also, what wares-groups do, is not creating. All
  they do is "destroying". Cracking games.
  
  Destructive creating
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  But demo-groups also creates stuff? Will they be remembered? Who for 
  instance remember The Space Pigs? They released the first VGA-demo 
  ever! Back in those days, it was hot shit! Do you remember them? Some 
  maybe, but not too many! Well, they're now known as "Digital Illusion".
  Yah, the one who released Pinball Dreams/Fantasies, etc. But you 
  probably didn't know that, right?
  
  TSP created something good, something that people liked, but I don't
  think they will be remembered anyhow! Why? Well, it's the question
  about harming again. Demos most certainly doesn't harm your machine! :)
  
  But some demo groups are as well releasing magazine's, right? Well,
  for example World Charts from Future Crew. That was beutiful, I think.
  I remember they released it, but not what were in it! But on the same 
  time I remember everything said in virus-magazine's! "Which viruses 
  that were included, what they did, etc. Why? b'cos I am more
  interesting in viruses? No! When I first started with viruses, I was
  a hell of more interested in demos than viruses! But I still can't 
  remember what they wrote about! Why?
  
  Well, it's b'cos they write their charts (i.e, who's the best, etc);
  only last for a few month. Then, it's outdated! A virus lives, and 
  that's b'cos I remember them so much better!!
  
  Rabid - still alive!
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  So. That's why for instance people still talk about Rabid, etc. People
  don't (normally) talk about The Space Pigs, but people might talk 
  about Rabid b'cos of a virus in their Data Rape still causes 
  infections! ...and then they'll most likely care!
  
  The a-v blabbler's
  컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
  Also, we do got the anti-virus blabbler's to thank for all attention!
  The other "scene's" doesn't have this kinda person's that all the time
  is blabbeling. The a-v might blabbel about the danger that a nuclear-
  war can be started with a virus, that a virus can manipulates your 
  bank-account, for how much they destroy, etc. and for that, I'm 
  actually grateful! I like attention, no doubt about it! It's just like 
  the real life, if you're well known, it also feels good.
  
  What's wrong with getting "fame"? It's not any compensation that all
  a-v thinks, saying that we're failures in our real lifes. The opposite 
  in fact. If one person like fame to his handle, he most likely like 
  fame in his real life as well. But let's not get into the subject 
  about the motivation why we create viruses, it varies! You can't get 
  the same story from two different writer's, and that's something the
  a-v and the press never will understand!
  
  Closing words
  컴컴컴컴컴컴
  Ok. This was quite a mixed-up article, including a shitload of 
  different stuff. But oh well, I didn't feel like seperate them
  into smaller articles, hope you don't mind!
  
                          = The Unforgiven =  